#### Classifiers

##### New: Hoxhunt-classifier

-   New: Classifies Hoxhunt incidents

#### Incident Fields

##### New: Hox FT Email To

-   New: Display incident's first threat's email address

##### New: Hox User Actions

-   New: Display user actions taken in any threat of the Hoxhunt incident

##### New: Hox FT ID

-   New: Display incident's first threat's email address

##### New: Hox ID

-   New: Display incident's Hoxhunt id

##### New: Hox Has Sensitive Information

-   New: Display if incident has sensitive information

##### New: Hox FT Body Link

-   New: Display incident's first threat's body resource url

##### New: Hox Global Report Count

-   New: Display global Hoxhunt report count%

##### New: Hox Message To Users

-   New: Display an optional message to send to employees when closing an incident

##### New: Hox Internal Classification

-   New: Display classification given for the incident by Hoxhunt

##### New: Hox FT Maliciousness Probability

-   New: Display malicious probability for incident's first threat

##### New: Hox Incident Rule Actions

-   New: Display what incident rule actions have been taken for the incident

##### New: Hox Likely Target Entity

-   New: Display who does the incident target (organisation, individual or inconclusive).

##### New: Hox FT Message Id

-   New: Display message id of the first threat in the incident

##### New: Hox Reported At Limit

-   New: Display date in the past for specifying which users to send feedback to based on when an incident-related threat was last reported. For example, if set to 7 days, only users who have reported emails related to the threat in the last 7 days are provided with feedback

##### New: Hox Report Count

-   New: Display How many threat reports does the incident contain?

##### New: Hox External Classification

-   New: Display classification given for the incident by external SOC"

##### New: Hox FT Links

-   New: Display links for the first threat in the incident

##### New: Hox Notes

-   New: Display notes written for the incident"

##### New: Hox FT Internal Classification

-   New: Display classification given for the first threat in incident by Hoxhunt

##### New: Hox First Reported At

-   New: Display what was the first report date for the incident

##### New: Hox Phish Report Count

-   New: Display how many reports were marked as phishing?

##### New: Hox State

-   New: Display state of the incident (open, resolved)

##### New: Hox FT Email From

-   New: Display sender of the first threat in incident

##### New: Hox Threat Indicators

-   New: Display if feedback should be sent to users when incident is resolved.

##### New: Hox Threat Indicators

-   New: Display combined threat indicators from all of incident's threats

##### New: Hox FT Attachments

-   New: Display attachments for the first threat in the incident

##### New: Hox VIP Report Count

-   New: Display how many reports came from VIP users?

##### New: Hox URL

-   New: Raw URL for incident in Hoxhunt Response platform

##### New: Hox FT Subject

-   New: Display subject of the first threat in the incident

##### New: Hox Last Reported At

-   New: Display what was the latest report date for the incident

##### New: Hox Inbox Report Count

-   New: Display how many people reported the threat from their inbox

##### New: Hox Send Feedback

- New: Display if feedback should be sent to users when incident is resolved.

#### Incident Types

##### New: Hoxhunt Campaign

-   New: Campaign incident type from Hoxhunt

##### New: Hoxhunt BEC

-   New: BEC incident type from Hoxhunt

##### New: Hoxhunt User Acted

-   New: User Acted incident type from Hoxhunt

#### Integrations

##### Hoxhunt (Deprecated)

-   Deprecated. Use Hoxhunt v2 instead.

##### New: Hoxhunt v2

-   New: Use the Hoxhunt integration to send feedback to reporters of incidents, set incident sensitivity, and apply SOC classification to incidents.

#### Layouts

##### New: Hoxhunt Layout

-   New: Updated layout

#### Mappers

##### New: Hoxhunt-mapper-incoming

-   New: Introduced incident mirroring capabilities between Cortex XSOAR and Hoxhunt. This allows for bi-directional synchronization of incident states and updates.

##### New: Hoxhunt-mapper-outgoing

-   New: Introduced incident mirroring capabilities between Cortex XSOAR and Hoxhunt. This allows for bi-directional synchronization of incident states and updates.

#### Playbooks

##### New: Hoxhunt - Enrich Incident

-   New: Enriches the incidents pulled from Hoxhunt with additional information.
