
#### Integrations

##### Elasticsearch v2

- Added support for the **Space ID** parameter, which sets the default Kibana space ID to use for `es-kibana-*` commands. It is used to derive the Kibana base URL from the Server URL. If a `space_id` argument is provided to a command, it overrides this value. See [Spaces](https://www.elastic.co/docs/deploy-manage/manage-spaces) for more information.
- Added support for the **es-kibana-endpoint-exception-list-item-delete** command that deletes an Elastic Endpoint exception list item.
- Added support for the **es-kibana-endpoint-exception-list-item-update** command that updates an Elastic Endpoint exception list item.
- Added support for the **es-kibana-exception-list-item-create** command that creates an exception item and associates it with the specified exception list.
- Added support for the **es-kibana-value-list-item-import** command that imports value list items from a TXT or CSV file.
- Added support for the **es-kibana-case-comment-delete** command that deletes all comments and alerts from a case.
- Added support for the **es-kibana-exception-item-list-update** command that updates an existing exception list item.
- Added support for the **es-kibana-rule-types-list** command that retrieves all rule types available in Kibana.
- Added support for the **es-kibana-exception-list-delete** command that deletes an exception list using the `id` or `list_id` field.
- Added support for the **es-kibana-value-list-item-export** command that exports all items of a value list as a file (returned to the War Room).
- Added support for the **es-kibana-case-delete** command that deletes one or more cases by ID.
- Added support for the **es-kibana-detection-alert-status-set** command that sets the status of one or more detection alerts.
- Added support for the **es-kibana-rule-update** command that updates a rule.
- Added support for the **es-kibana-rule-alert-unmute** command that unmutes an alert, or unmutes all alerts for a rule.
- Added support for the **es-kibana-exception-list-item-list** command that retrieves a list of all exception list items in the specified list.
- Added support for the **es-kibana-value-list-item-update** command that updates an existing value list item.
- Added support for the **es-kibana-case-alerts-list** command that retrieves all alerts for a case.
- Added support for the **es-kibana-rule-alert-mute** command that mutes an alert, or mutes all alerts for a rule.
- Added support for the **es-kibana-alerting-health-get** command that retrieves the health of the Kibana alerting framework.
- Added support for the **es-kibana-exception-list-update** command that updates an existing exception list.
- Added support for the **es-kibana-endpoint-exception-list-item-create** command that creates an Elastic Endpoint exception list item and associates it with the Elastic Endpoint exception list.
- Added support for the **es-kibana-case-comment-update** command that updates a case comment or alert.
- Added support for the **es-kibana-case-comment-add** command that adds a case comment or alert.
- Added support for the **es-kibana-rule-list** command that retrieves information about rules.
- Added support for the **es-kibana-exception-list-item-delete** command that deletes an exception list item.
- Added support for the **es-kibana-value-lists-list** command that retrieves details of a value list (the list container).
- Added support for the **es-kibana-value-list-item-get** command that retrieves value list items.
- Added support for the **es-kibana-case-update** command that updates cases in Kibana.
- Added support for the **es-kibana-value-list-item-create** command that adds a new item to a value list.
- Added support for the **es-kibana-case-file-attach** command that attaches a file to a case.
- Added support for the **es-kibana-exception-list-create** command that creates an exception list.
- Added support for the **es-kibana-case-list** command that retrieves the details of Kibana cases.
- Added support for the **es-kibana-exception-list-list** command that retrieves a list of all exception list containers.
- Added support for the **es-kibana-rule-disable** command that disables a rule.
- Added support for the **es-kibana-value-list-item-delete** command that deletes a value list item.
- Added support for the **es-kibana-endpoint-exception-list-item-list** command that retrieves Elastic Endpoint exception list items.
- Added support for the **es-kibana-case-create** command that creates a new case in Kibana.
- Added support for the **es-kibana-rule-enable** command that enables a rule.
