
#### Integrations

##### Elasticsearch v2

- Added support for **Incidents Fetch Interval** parameter.
- Added support for the *Kibana API URL* parameter, which specifies the Elasticsearch server to which the integration connects. Ensure that the URL includes the correct Kibana port. The default port for the Kibana API is 443. Example: https://hostname.com:443.
- Added support for the ***kibana-enable-alert-rule*** command, which enables a rule used for detection alerting.
- Added support for **kibana-get-task-manager-health** command that get the health status of the kibana task manager.
- Added support for **kibana-get-user-by-email** command that search for a single user's uid in kibana by email address filter.
- Added support for **kibana-add-file-to-case** command that attach a file to a case. .
- Added support for **kibana-add-alert-note** command that add note to an alert in kibana.
- Added support for **kibana-delete-value-list-item** command that used to delete a value list item given the item id as input.
- Added support for **kibana-delete-value-list** command that used to delete a value list given the list id as input.
- Added support for **kibana-find-case-comments** command that finds comments for an input case id.
- Added support for **kibana-list-detection-alerts** command that used to search for detection alerts in kibana.
- Added support for **kibana-get-status** command that check kibana's operational status.
- Added support for **kibana-delete-case-comment** command that delete a case comment.
- Added support for **kibana-get-alerting-health** command that get the health status of kibana alerting framework.
- Added support for **kibana-update-case-status** command that updates the status of an input case.
- Added support for **kibana-create-value-list** command that used to create a value list in kibana.
- Added support for **kibana-find-alerts-for-case** command that returns information on the alerts of a case in kibana.
- Added support for **kibana-update-alert-status** command that updates the status of an input alert.
- Added support for the ***kibana-add-case-comment*** command, which adds a comment to a case in Kibana. Get the case ID/owner from the ***kibana-find-cases*** command.
- Added support for **kibana-get-upgrade-readiness-status** command that check the status of your cluster.
- Added support for **kibana-delete-case** command that deletes a case in kibana based on case id.
- Added support for **kibana-get-user-list** command that search for list of users in kibana and return user's uid.
- Added support for **kibana-get-value-list-items** command that used to display entries in an input value list.
- Added support for **kibana-disable-alert-rule** command that disable a detection alerting rule. clears associated alerts from active alerts page.
- Added support for **kibana-assign-alert** command that used to assign an alert in kibana to a user via user id input.
- Added support for **kibana-import-value-list-items** command that import value list items from a txt or csv file.
- Added support for **kibana-find-cases** command that used to list cases in kibana.
- Added support for **kibana-get-value-lists** command that find all value lists in kibana detection rules menu.
- Added support for **kibana-get-exception-lists** command that get a list of all exception list containers.
- Added support for **kibana-get-case-information** command that retrieve information for a specific case in kibana.
- Added support for **kibana-create-value-list-item** command that create a value list item and associate it with the specified value list.
- Added support for **kibana-find-user-spaces** command that get list of user spaces in kibana.
- Added support for **kibana-delete-rule** command that delete rule in kibana based on input rule id.
- Added support for **kibana-search-rule-details** command that retrieve details about detection rule in kibana based on input kql filter.
