#### Modeling Rules

##### New: Veeam Modeling Rule

<~XSIAM> Created a Modeling Rule for tests (Available from Cortex XSIAM v2.4).</~XSIAM>

#### XSIAM Dashboards

##### New: Veeam Data Platform Monitoring

- New: Added the **Veeam Data Platform Monitoring** Dashboard<~XSIAM> (Available from Cortex XSIAM v2.4).</~XSIAM>
##### New: Veeam Security Activities

- New: Added the **Veeam Security Activities** Dashboard<~XSIAM> (Available from Cortex XSIAM v2.4).</~XSIAM>

#### XSIAM Reports

##### New: All Veeam malware detection events for the last 24h

- New: Added the **All Veeam security events with Critical and High severity for the last 24h** Report<~XSIAM> (Available from Cortex XSIAM v2.4).</~XSIAM>
##### New: All Veeam triggered alarms for the last 7 days

- New: Added the **All Veeam malware detection events for the last 24h** Report<~XSIAM> (Available from Cortex XSIAM v2.4).</~XSIAM>
##### New: All Veeam four-eyes authorization events for the last 24h

- New: Added the **All Veeam four-eyes authorization events for the last 24h** Report<~XSIAM> (Available from Cortex XSIAM v2.4).</~XSIAM>
##### New: All Veeam failed multi-factor authentication events for the last 24h

- New: Added the **All Veeam finished jobs for the last 24h** Report<~XSIAM> (Available from Cortex XSIAM v2.4).</~XSIAM>
##### New: All Veeam security events for the last 7 days

- New: Added the **All Veeam failed multi-factor authentication events for the last 24h** Report<~XSIAM> (Available from Cortex XSIAM v2.4).</~XSIAM>
##### New: All Veeam finished jobs for the last 24h

- New: Added the **All Veeam security events for the last 7 days** Report<~XSIAM> (Available from Cortex XSIAM v2.4).</~XSIAM>
##### New: All Veeam security events with Critical and High severity for the last 24h

- New: Added the **All Veeam triggered alarms for the last 7 days** Report<~XSIAM> (Available from Cortex XSIAM v2.4).</~XSIAM>
