***Restored changes reverted on previous version (1.0.2).***

#### XSIAM Dashboards

##### New: Veeam Data Platform Monitoring
Added the **'Veeam Data Platform Monitoring'** Cortex XSIAM dashboard for the Veeam App pack.
##### New: Veeam Security Activities
Added the **'Veeam Security Activities'** Cortex XSIAM dashboard for the Veeam App pack.

#### XSIAM Reports
##### New: All Veeam security events with Critical and High severity for the last 24h
Added the **'All Veeam security events with Critical and High severity for the last 24h'** Cortex XSIAM report for the Veeam App pack.
##### New: All Veeam malware detection events for the last 24h
Added the **'All Veeam malware detection events for the last 24h'** Cortex XSIAM report for the Veeam App pack.
##### New: All Veeam four-eyes authorization events for the last 24h
Added the **'All Veeam four-eyes authorization events for the last 24h'** Cortex XSIAM report for the Veeam App pack.
##### New: All Veeam finished jobs for the last 24h
Added the **'All Veeam finished jobs for the last 24h'** Cortex XSIAM report for the Veeam App pack.
##### New: All Veeam failed multi-factor authentication events for the last 24h
Added the **'All Veeam failed multi-factor authentication events for the last 24h'** Cortex XSIAM report for the Veeam App pack.
##### New: All Veeam security events for the last 7 days
Added the **'All Veeam security events for the last 7 days'** Cortex XSIAM report for the Veeam App pack.
##### New: All Veeam triggered alarms for the last 7 days
Added the **'All Veeam triggered alarms for the last 7 days'** Cortex XSIAM report for the Veeam App pack.