
#### Playbooks

##### New: PAN-OS DAG Configuration

- New: This playbook utilizes the Dynamic Address Group (DAG) capability of PAN-OS.
DAG enables analysts to create a rule one time, where the group is the source/destination, and adds IP addresses dynamically without the need to commit the configuration every time.

The playbook checks if the given tag already exists. If the tag exists, then the IP address is added to the tag.

If the tag does not exist, a new address group is created with the given tag and a matching rule, and the configuration is committed. 
<~XSIAM> (Available from Cortex XSIAM %%XSIAM_VERSION%%).</~XSIAM>
<~XSOAR> (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.10.0).</~XSOAR>

##### New: PAN-OS - Block URL - Custom URL Category

- New: This playbook blocks URLs using Palo Alto Networks Panorama or Firewall through Custom URL Categories.
The playbook checks whether the input URL category already exists, and if the URLs are a part of this category. Otherwise, it will create the category, block the URLs, and commit the configuration.<~XSIAM> (Available from Cortex XSIAM %%XSIAM_VERSION%%).</~XSIAM>
<~XSOAR> (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.10.0).</~XSOAR>

##### New: PAN-OS - Block IP - Static Address Group

- New: This playbook blocks IP addresses using Static Address Groups in Palo Alto Networks Panorama or Firewall.
The playbook receives malicious IP addresses and an address group name as inputs, verifies that the addresses are not already a part of the address group, adds them and commits the configuration.

***Note - The playbook does not block the address group communication using a policy block rule. This step will be taken once outside of the playbook.<~XSIAM> (Available from Cortex XSIAM %%XSIAM_VERSION%%).</~XSIAM>
<~XSOAR> (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.10.0).</~XSOAR>
