
#### Integrations

##### Palo Alto Networks PAN-OS

*New Commands*

The following commands have been added to provide abilities to identify multiple types of dynamic content with available updates on Palo Alto Networks PAN-OS firewalls and then download/install them.  These commands support built-in polling.
- Added support for **pan-os-check-dynamic-updates-status** command that checks for the latest available dynamic update versions and returns a list of latest available / currently installed content.
- Added support for **pan-os-download-latest-antivirus-update** command that downloads the latest AntiVirus dynamic update.
- Added support for **pan-os-download-latest-gp-update** command that downloads the latest GlobalProtect Clientless VPN dynamic update.
- Added support for **pan-os-download-latest-wildfire-update** command that downloads the latest WildFire dynamic update.
- Added support for **pan-os-install-latest-antivirus-update** command that installs the latest AntiVirus update.
- Added support for **pan-os-install-latest-gp-update** command that installs the latest GlobalProtect Clientless VPN dynamic update.
- Added support for **pan-os-install-latest-wildfire-update** command that installs the latest WildFire dynamic update.


*Enhancements to Existing Commands*
- Added support for built-in polling in the **pan-os-download-latest-content-update** command for downloading App/Threat updates. When `polling` argument is set to `true` it will return the final results of the download operation and no longer needs to be checked with the **pan-os-content-update-download-status** command.
- Added support for built-in polling in the **pan-os-install-latest-content-update** command for installing App/Threat updates. When `polling` argument is set to `true` it will return the final results of the install operation and no longer needs to be checked with the **pan-os-content-update-install-status** command.
