
#### Incident Fields
- **Breaking changes**: The new **BitSight Remaining Decay** field was created instead of the **Remaining Decay** field.
- **Breaking changes**: The new **BitSight Severity Category** field was created instead of the **Severity Category** field.
- **Breaking changes**: The new **BitSight Evidence Key** field was created instead of the **Evidence Key** field.
- **Breaking changes**: The new **BitSight Temporary Id** field was created instead of the **Temporary Id** field.
- **Breaking changes**: The new **BitSight Rolledup Observation Id** field was created instead of the ** Rolledup Observation Id** field.
- **Breaking changes**: The new **BitSight Comments** field was created instead of the **Comments** field.
- **Breaking changes**: The new **BitSight Tags** field was created instead of the **Tags** field.
- **Breaking changes**: The new **BitSight Assets** field was created instead of the **Assets** field.
- **Breaking changes**: The new **BitSight Affects Rating** field was created instead of the **Affects Rating** field.
- **Breaking changes**: The new **BitSight Related Findings** field was created instead of the **Related Findings** field.
- **Breaking changes**: The new **BitSight Risk Category** field was created instead of the **Risk Category** field.
- **Breaking changes**: The new **BitSight Risk Vector Label** field was created instead of the **Risk Vector Label** field.
- **Breaking changes**: The new **BitSight Risk Vector** field was created instead of the **Risk Vector** field.

#### Integrations
##### BitSight for Security Performance Management
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.9.4.18682*

#### Layouts
##### BitSight Findings
- **Breaking changes**: Replaced all BitSight associated incident fields with their new names.

#### Mappers
##### BitSight - Incoming Mapper
- **Breaking changes**: Replaced all BitSight associated incident fields with their new names.
