
#### Incident Fields

##### New: Bitsight Remediation Status

- New: Added a new incident field Bitsight Remediation Status.

#### Integrations

##### Bitsight for Security Performance Management

- Updated the **fetch-incidents** to handle the duplication by ingesting only one finding per rolled up observation ID with affect rating set to true.

- Added support for **Reopen incident based on Bitsight Remediation Status** parameter. If selected, closed incidents will be reopened in XSOAR when finding remediation status on Bitsight platform matches the configured 'Remediation Status for Incident Opening'. Note: This parameter is only used when the mirroring direction is set to 'Incoming' or 'Incoming And Outgoing'.

- Added support for **Close incident based on Bitsight Remediation Status** parameter. If selected, active incidents will be closed in XSOAR when finding remediation status on Bitsight platform matches the configured 'Remediation Status for Incident Closure'. Note: This parameter is only used when the mirroring direction is set to 'Incoming' or 'Incoming And Outgoing'.

- Added support for **Bitsight Remediation Status for Incident Closure** parameter, which determines the remediation status in Bitsight when closing incidents in XSOAR. Default value is 'Resolved'. This parameter is only used when the mirroring direction is set to 'Outgoing' or 'Incoming And Outgoing'.

- Added support for **Bitsight User Email Address** parameter to provide the Bitsight user email address to be used for sending XSOAR incident notes as Bitsight finding comments. Note: This parameter is required when the mirroring direction is set to 'Outgoing' or 'Incoming And Outgoing'.

- Added support for **Mirroring Direction** parameter, which determines the mirroring direction in which to mirror the findings. You can mirror "Incoming" \(from Bitsight to XSOAR\), "Outgoing" \(from XSOAR to Bitsight\), or in both directions.

- Added support for **Bitsight Remediation Status for Incident Opening** parameter, which determines the remediation status to set in Bitsight when opening incidents in XSOAR. Default value is 'Open'. Note: This parameter is only used when the mirroring direction is set to 'Outgoing' or 'Incoming And Outgoing'.

- Added support for **Mirror Tag for Notes** parameter, which determines the tag value to be used to mirror XSOAR incident notes to Bitsight finding comments by adding the same tag in the notes. Note: This parameter is required when the mirroring direction is set to 'Outgoing' or 'Incoming And Outgoing'.

- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.12.12.5490952*.

#### Layouts

##### BitSight Findings

- Updated the BitSight Findings layout for the added "Bitsight Remediation Status" incident field.

#### Mappers

##### BitSight - Incoming Mapper

- Updated the BitSight - Incoming Mapper mapper for the added "Bitsight Remediation Status" incident field.
