
#### Layouts

##### Hurukai alert layout

- No change.

##### New: Hurukai threat layout

- New: Layout for Hurukai threats. The new layout allows to display both security events or threats.


#### Incident Types

##### New: Hurukai threat

- New: correspond to a set of security events since they belong to the same attack context.


#### Classifiers

##### New: Hurukai classifier



#### Mappers

##### Hurukai - Incoming mapper

- Renamed the incoming mapper from *Hurukai alert mapper* to *Hurukai - Incoming mapper*.
The incoming mapper has been modified to handle both *Hurukai alerts* and *Hurukai threats*.
Also, has been extended with a couple of fields (*dbotMirrorDirection*, *dbotMirrorId*, *dbotMirrorInstance*) in order to manage mirroring of alert/threats' statuses between XSOAR and an HarfangLab EDR manager. 

##### New: Hurukai - Outgoing mapper

- New: Mapping for mirroring XSOAR incidents between an XSOAR instance and the HarfangLab EDR.



#### Playbooks

##### Hurukai - Alert management

- Reword some messages.

##### Hurukai - Get Artifact RAM Dump

- Get a RAM dump from Windows and Linux endpoints.

##### Hurukai - Get Prefetch List

- Get the list of prefetch files.


#### Incident Fields

- New: **HarfangLab EDR Critical Security Event Count**

- New: **HarfangLab EDR High Security Event Count**

- New: **HarfangLab EDR Low Security Event Count**

- New: **HarfangLab EDR Medium Security Event Count**

- New: **HarfangLab EDR Threat ID**

- New: **HarfangLab EDR Top Agents**

- New: **HarfangLab EDR Top Impacted Users**

- New: **HarfangLab EDR Top Rules**

- New: **HarfangLab EDR Total Security Event Count**


#### Integrations

##### HarfangLab EDR

- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.10.14.92207*.

- Added support for fetching *threat* from the HarfangLab EDR.
- Added the *max_fetch* parameter in *fetch-incidents* command.
- Added support for the mirroring of security events and threats between XSOAR and HarfangLab EDR. For now, are supported:
  - Incident status (new, investigating, etc.) for security event and threat.
  - Incident note for threat.
  - New commands has been added for the mirroring mechanism: *get-modified-remote-data*, *get-remote-data*, *update-remote-system*, *get-mapping-fields*.
- Added the endpoint policy name and groups in the collected security events.
- Added a command *harfanglab-api-call* to call any HarfangLab EDR API endpoint.
- Added a command *harfanglab-telemetry-authentication-users* to get the most frequent interactive authentications on a specific endpoint.
- Added a command *harfanglab-telemetry-process-graph* to get the process graph (nodes, edges, etc.) from a process UUID.
- Added a telemetry command *harfanglab-telemetry-dns* to fetch DNS related telemetry.
- Added a telemetry command *harfanglab-telemetry-authentication-windows* to fetch Windows logon related telemetry.
- Added a telemetry command *harfanglab-telemetry-authentication-linux* to fetch Linux logon related telemetry.
- Added a telemetry command *harfanglab-telemetry-authentication-macos* to fetch macOS logon related telemetry.
- Added a whitelist command *harfanglab-whitelist-search* to search for an existing whitelist on the HarfangLab EDR.
- Added a whitelist command *harfanglab-whitelist-add* to create a whitelist on the HarfangLab EDR.
- Added a whitelist command *harfanglab-whitelist-add-criterion* to add a whitelist criterion on existing whitelist on the HarfangLab EDR.
- Added a whitelist command *harfanglab-whitelist-delete* to delete an existing whitelist on the HarfangLab EDR.
- Deprecated the *demisto.results* calls, entry-context specifications.
- Deprecated the *LongRunning* option in the integration.
- Fixed an issue with the *harfanglab-job-networkconnectionlist* command.
- Fixed an issue with the *harfanglab-job-processlist* command.
- Fixed an issue with the incidents fetching mechanism.
  - The *Fetch History* format has been changed.
- Updated the *API token* type to *password*.
- Updated the incoming classifier name from *Hurukai alert mapper* to *Hurukai - Incoming mapper*.

