
#### Incident Fields
- **HarfangLab EDR OS Type**

#### Incident Types
- **Hurukai alert**

#### Integrations

This release is the initial public release of HarfangLab EDR connector.

##### New: HarfangLab EDR
- HarfangLab EDR Connector,
Compatible version 2.13.7+ (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.2.0).

#### Layouts
##### New: Hurukai alert layout
- Hurukai alert layout used to display a HarfangLab EDR security event in XSOAR interface (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.2.0).

#### Mappers
##### New: Hurukai alert mapper
- Hurukai alert mapper that allows to map HarfangLab EDR security events to XSOAR incident format (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.2.0).

#### Playbooks
##### New: Hurukai - Get Service List
- Get the list of services (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.2.0).
##### New: Hurukai - Get Scheduled Task List
- Get the list of scheduled tasks (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.2.0).
##### New: Hurukai - Get WMI List
- Get the list of WMI items (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.2.0).
##### New: Hurukai - Get Prefetch List
- Get the list of prefetch files (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.2.0).
##### New: Hurukai - Get Startup List
- Get the list of startup files (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.2.0).
##### New: Hurukai - Get Artifact Hives
- Get the RAW hives (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.2.0).
##### New: Hurukai - Get Artifact MFT
- Get the raw MFT (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.2.0).
##### New: Hurukai alert management
- Manager security events from HarfangLab EDR (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.2.0).
##### New: Hurukai - Get Pipe List
- Get the list of named pipes (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.2.0).
##### New: Hurukai - Get Persistence List
- Get the list of persistence means (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.2.0).
##### New: Hurukai - Get Network Share List
- Get the list of network shares (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.2.0).
##### New: Hurukai - Get Artifact RAM Dump
- Get a RAM dump from Windows and Linux endpoints. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.2.0).
##### New: Hurukai - Get Artifact Evtx
- Get Evt/evtx log files (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.2.0).
##### New: Hurukai - Get Runkey List
- Get the list of RUN keys (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.2.0).
##### New: Hurukai - Get Network Connection List
- Get the list of active network connections (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.2.0).
##### New: Hurukai - Get Process List
- Get the list of processes (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.2.0).
##### New: Hurukai - Get Driver List
- Get the list of loaded drivers (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.2.0).
##### New: Hurukai - Get Artifact Logs
- Get all the log files (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.2.0).
##### New: Hurukai - Get Session List
- Get the list of active sessions (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.2.0).
##### New: Hurukai - Get All Artifacts
- Build a global archive with:
- MFT (Windows)
- Hives (Windows)
- USN logs (Windows)
- Prefetch files (Windows)
- EVT/EVTX files (Windows)
- Log files (Linux)
- Filesystem content (Linux) (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.2.0).
##### New: Hurukai - Get Artifact Filesystem
- Get a CSV list of files in a Linux filesystem (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.2.0).
