
#### Integrations

##### Group-IB Threat Intelligence

- **Breaking Changes:** Removed the **exclude_combolist** parameter (previously named "Exclude All with Combolist type"). This parameter has been replaced with the new **Include combolist type in data** parameter.
- Added support for **Include combolist type in data** parameter that works only for compromised/account_group. if the parameter is enabled, the response contains combolist data. if you enable "include unique type in data" with this filter, the response will contain data of both types. if "include combolist type in data" and "include unique type in data" are disabled, the response will contain data of both types.
- Added support for **Limit (items per request)** parameter that number of items requested per api page. larger values reduce api roundtrips but may increase response size. serverside caps may apply.
- Added support for **Include unique type in data** parameter that works only for compromised/account_group. if the parameter is enabled, the response contains unique data. if you enable “include combolist type in data” with this filter, the response will contain data of both types. if “include combolist type in data” and “include unique type in data” are disabled, the response will contain data of both types.


##### Group-IB Threat Intelligence Feed

- Added support for **Limit (items per request)** parameter that number of items requested per api page. larger values reduce api roundtrips but may increase response size. serverside caps may apply.


#### Scripts

##### GIBIncidentUpdate

- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.12.12.5490952*.


##### GIBIncidentUpdateIncludingClosed

- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.12.12.5490952*.