
#### Integrations

##### Group-IB Threat Intelligence

- Added support for **Enable reputation commands** parameter that select which reputation commands should be enabled for this integration instance.
default is none enabled. only the selected commands will perform enrichment and return dbotscore.
- Added support for **Ignore Source Reliability override** parameter that if true, ignore the instance source reliability setting and use the integration’s computed reliability per indicator.
- Added support for **Source Reliability** parameter that reliability of the source providing the intelligence data.
- Added support for **gibti-get-compromised-account-info** command that command performs group ib event lookup in compromised/account collection with provided id.
- Added support for **gibti-get-suspicious-ip-vpn-info** command that command performs group ib event lookup in suspicious_ip/vpn collection by provided id.
- Added support for **gibti-global-search** command that command performs global group ib search.
- Added support for **gibti-get-compromised-breached-info** command that command performs group ib event lookup in compromised/breached collection with provided id.
- Added support for **gibti-get-phishing-group-info** command that command performs group ib event lookup in attacks/phishing_group collection by provided id.
- Added support for **gibti-get-osi-public-leak-info** command that command performs group ib event lookup in osi/public_leak collection with provided id.
- Added support for **gibti-local-search** command that command performs group ib search in selected collection.
- Added support for **gibti-get-threat-info** command that command performs group ib event lookup in hi/threat (or in apt/threat if the apt flag is true) collection with provided id.
- Added support for **ip** command that runs reputation on ips.
- Added support for **gibti-get-osi-git-leak-info** command that command performs group ib event lookup in osi/git_leak collection with provided id.
- Added support for **gibti-get-suspicious-ip-socks-proxy-info** command that command performs group ib event lookup in suspicious_ip/socks_proxy collection with provided id.
- Added support for **file** command that runs reputation on files.
- Added support for **gibti-get-compromised-mule-info** command that command performs group ib event lookup in compromised/mule collection with provided id.
- Added support for **gibti-get-compromised-card-group-info** command that command performs group ib event lookup in compromised/bank_card_group collection by provided id.
- Added support for **gibti-get-suspicious-ip-scanner-info** command that command performs group ib event lookup in suspicious_ip/scanner collection by provided id.
- Added support for **gibti-ip-scoring** command that returns groupib scoring for ips (numeric and dbotscore).
- Added support for **gibti-get-malware-cnc-info** command that command performs group ib event lookup in malware/cnc collection by provided id.
- Added support for **gibti-get-available-collections** command that returns list of available collections.
- Added support for **gibti-get-suspicious-ip-open-proxy-info** command that command performs group ib event lookup in suspicious_ip/open_proxy collection with provided id.
- Added support for **gibti-get-attacks-ddos-info** command that command performs group ib event lookup in attacks/ddos collection with provided id.
- Added support for **gibti-get-suspicious-ip-tor-node-info** command that command performs group ib event lookup in suspicious_ip/tor_node collection with provided id.
- Added support for **gibti-get-osi-vulnerability-info** command that command performs group ib event lookup in osi/vulnerability collection with provided id.
- Added support for **gibti-get-malware-malware-info** command that command performs group ib event lookup in malware/malware collection by provided id.
- Added support for **gibti-get-threat-actor-info** command that command performs group ib event lookup in hi/threat_actor (or in apt/threat_actor if the apt flag is true) collection with provided id.
- Added support for **gibti-get-attacks-deface-info** command that command performs group ib event lookup in attacks/deface collection with provided id.
- Added support for **domain** command that runs reputation on domains.
- Added support for *requests_limit* argument in the **gibtia-local-search** command.
- Added support for *include_raw_feed* argument in the **gibtia-local-search** command.
- Added support for *page_size_limit* argument in the **gibtia-local-search** command.
- Added support for *seq_update* argument in the **gibtia-local-search** command.

##### Group-IB Threat Intelligence Feed

- Updated the Group-IB Threat Intelligence & Attribution Feed integration to include TLP metadata in incident enrichment.


#### Mappers

##### Group-IB Threat Intelligence (mapper)

- Updated the Group-IB Threat Intelligence (mapper) mapper to populate the GIB TLP field from the source evaluation data.


#### Incident Fields

##### GIB Compromised Events Table

- Updated the GIB Compromised Events Table incident field to include CVV.

##### GIB ID

- Updated the GIB ID incident field description text.

##### New: GIB TLP

- New: Added a new incident field- GIB TLP that stores the Traffic Light Protocol value from Group-IB.



#### Layouts

##### GIB Attacks DDOS Layout

- Updated the GIB Attacks Deface Layout layout to add the GIB TLP field.

##### GIB Attacks Phishing Group Layout

- Updated the GIB Attacks Phishing Group Layout layout to add the GIB TLP field.

##### GIB Attacks Phishing Kit Layout

- Updated the GIB Attacks Phishing Kit Layout layout to add the GIB TLP field.

##### GIB Attacks Phishing Kit Layout

- Updated the GIB Compromised Account Group Layout layout to add the GIB TLP field.

##### GIB Compromised Account Group Layout

- Updated the GIB Compromised Card Group Layout layout to add the GIB TLP field.

##### GIB Compromised Card Group Layout

- Updated the GIB Compromised Mule Layout layout to add the GIB TLP field.

##### GIB Compromised Mule Layout

- Updated the GIB Cybercriminal Threat Layout layout to add the GIB TLP field.

##### GIB Cybercriminal Threat Layout

- Updated the GIB Data Breach Layout layout to add the GIB TLP field.

##### GIB Data Breach Layout

- Updated the GIB Nation-State Cybercriminals Threat Layout layout to add the GIB TLP field.

##### GIB Nation-State Cybercriminals Threat Layout

- Updated the GIB OSI Git Leak Layout layout to add the GIB TLP field.

##### GIB OSI Git Leak Layout

- Updated the GIB OSI Public Leak Layout layout to add the GIB TLP field.

##### GIB OSI Public Leak Layout

- Updated the GIB OSI Vulnerability Layout layout to add the GIB TLP field.

##### GIB OSI Vulnerability Layout

- Updated the GIB Suspicious IP Open Proxy Layout layout to add the GIB TLP field.

##### GIB Suspicious IP Open Proxy Layout

- Updated the GIB Suspicious IP Scanner Layout layout to add the GIB TLP field.

##### GIB Suspicious IP Scanner Layout

- Updated the GIB Suspicious IP Socks Proxy Layout layout to add the GIB TLP field.

##### GIB Suspicious IP Socks Proxy Layout

- Updated the GIB Suspicious IP TOR Node Layout layout to add the GIB TLP field.

##### GIB Suspicious IP TOR Node Layout

- Updated the GIB Suspicious IP TOR Node Layout layout to add the GIB TLP field.

##### GIB Suspicious IP VPN Layout

- Updated the GIB Suspicious IP VPN Layout layout to add the GIB TLP field.

