#### Playbooks
##### New: Policy Optimizer - Generic
A new playbook that is triggered by the PAN-OS Policy Optimizer incident type, managing the remediation sub-playbooks.

##### New: Policy Optimizer - Manage Port Based Rules
Migrate port-based rules to application-based allow rules to reduce the attack surface and safely enable applications on your network.

##### New: Policy Optimizer - Manage Rules with Unused Applications
If you have application-based Security policy rules that allow a large number of applications, you can remove unused applications (applications never seen on the rules) from those rules to tighten them so that they only allow applications actually seen in the rule’s traffic. Identifying and removing unused applications from Security policy rules is a best practice that strengthens your security posture by reducing the attack surface.

##### New: Policy Optimizer - Manage Unused Rules
Use this playbook to to understand if you have unused rules that do not pass traffic in your environment, 
see the rules' information and have the option to remove them from your policy.

##### New: Policy Optimizer - Add Applications to Policy Rules
This playbook is used in the PAN-OS - Policy Optimizer playbooks to edit rules with unused applications or rules that are port based, and add an application to the rule.

#### Scripts
##### New: EntryWidgetPortBasedRules
Entry widget that returns the number of port based rules found by PAN-OS.

#### Scripts
##### New: EntryWidgetUnusedApplications
Entry widget that returns the number of rules with unused applications found by PAN-OS policy optimizer.
  
#### Scripts
##### New: EntryWidgetUnusedRules
Entry widget that returns the number of unused rules found by PAN-OS policy.

#### Layout
##### New: Policy Optimizer Layout
The new Policy Optimizer layout, displaying the use-cases in the pack.

#### Incident Types
##### New: Policy Optimizer
The new Policy Optimizer incident type, that triggers the main playbook in the pack.

#### Incident Fields
- **PAN-OS Port Based Rules**
- **PAN-OS Rules with Unused Applications**
- **PAN-OS Unused Rules**
- **Policy Optimizer Description**
- **Policy Optimizer Use-Case**

