#### Integrations

##### Amazon Web Services

- Added support for the **aws-s3-bucket-objects-list** command that list objects in an s3 bucket.
- Added support for the **aws-s3-bucket-delete** command, which deletes an S3 bucket.
- Added support for the **aws-ec2-addresses-describe** command to describe one or more Elastic IP addresses.
- Added support for the **aws-ec2-address-allocate** command to allocate an Elastic IP address to your AWS account.
- Added support for the **aws-ec2-address-associate** command to associate an Elastic IP address with an instance or network interface.
- Added support for the **aws-ec2-address-disassociate** command to disassociate an Elastic IP address from an instance or network interface.
- Added support for the **aws-ec2-address-release** command to release an Elastic IP address back to the IP address pool.
- Added support for the **aws-ec2-instances-monitor** command to enable detailed monitoring for running instances.
- Added support for the **aws-ec2-instances-unmonitor** command to disable detailed monitoring for running instances.
- Added support for the **aws-ec2-instances-reboot** command to reboot one or more instances.
- Added support for the **aws-ec2-instance-running-waiter** command to wait until an instance is running.
- Added support for the **aws-ec2-instance-status-ok-waiter** command to wait until instance status checks pass.
- Added support for the **aws-ec2-instance-stopped-waiter** command to wait until an instance is stopped.
- Added support for the **aws-ec2-instance-terminated-waiter** command to wait until an instance is terminated.
- Added support for the **aws-ec2-iam-instance-profile-associations-describe** command to describe IAM instance profile associations.
- Added support for the **aws-ec2-password-data-get** command to retrieve the encrypted administrator password for a running Windows instance.
- Added support for the **aws-ec2-reserved-instances-describe** command to describe one or more Reserved Instances.
- Added support for the **aws-ec2-launch-templates-describe** command to describe one or more launch templates.
- Added support for the **aws-ec2-launch-template-create** command to create a launch template containing the parameters to launch an instance.
- Added support for the **aws-ec2-launch-template-delete** command to delete a launch template and all of its versions.