
#### Integrations

##### AWS

- Added support for **Default AWS Access Key ID** parameter that * todo *  requires 'default aws secret access key' to be provided.
- Added support for **Default AWS region.** parameter that * todo *.
- Added support for **Default AWS Secret Access Key** parameter that * todo *   requires 'default aws access key' to be provided.
- Deleted the **aws-s3-public-access-block-update** command.
- Added support for **aws-ec2-security-group-ingress-revoke** command that revokes one or more ingress rules in a security group.
- Added support for **aws-s3-bucket-acl-put** command that sets the access control list (acl) permissions for an existing amazon s3 bucket. this command allows you to define who can access the bucket and what actions they can perform, using predefined acls.
- Added support for **aws-rds-db-snapshot-attribute-modify** command that adds or removes permission for the specified aws account id to restore the specified db snapshot.
- Added support for **aws-eks-cluster-config-update** command that updates an amazon eks cluster configuration.
- Added support for **aws-ec2-instance-attribute-modify** command that modifies a single attribute of an instance.
- Added support for **aws-s3-public-access-block-put** command that creates or modifies the publicaccessblock configuration for an amazon s3 bucket.
- Added support for **aws-ec2-image-attribute-modify** command that modifies the specified attribute of the specified ami.
- Added support for **aws-s3-bucket-versioning-put** command that sets the versioning state of an existing bucket.
- Added support for **aws-rds-db-cluster-modify** command that modifies settings for an amazon rds db cluster. allows you to update cluster settings such as port, master credentials, vpc security groups, deletion protection, and other configuration options.
- Added support for **aws-rds-db-instance-modify** command that modifies an amazon rds db instance. allows to change various settings of an existing db instance, such as instance class, storage capacity, security groups, and other configuration parameters.
- Added support for **aws-s3-bucket-logging-put** command that configure logging settings for an aws s3 bucket, allowing to monitor access to the bucket through detailed access logs that are delivered to a designated target bucket.
- Added support for **aws-ec2-snapshot-permission-modify** command that adds or removes permission settings for the specified snapshot.
- Added support for **aws-s3-bucket-policy-put** command that applies an amazon s3 bucket policy to an outposts bucket.
- Added support for **aws-ec2-security-group-egress-revoke** command that revokes one or more egress rules in a security group.
- Added support for **aws-rds-db-cluster-snapshot-attribute-modify** command that modifies the attributes associated with a db cluster snapshot.
- Updated the **aws-ec2-instance-metadata-options-modify** command to not use the *account_id* argument.

