#### Integrations

##### Amazon Web Services

- Added support for the ***aws-s3-bucket-objects-list*** command that list objects in an Amazon s3 bucket.
- Added support for the ***aws-s3-bucket-delete*** command, which deletes an Amazon S3 bucket.
- Added support for the ***aws-ec2-addresses-describe*** command to describe one or more Elastic IP addresses.
- Added support for the ***aws-ec2-address-allocate*** command to allocate an Elastic IP address to your AWS account.
- Added support for the ***aws-ec2-address-associate*** command to associate an Elastic IP address with an instance or network interface.
- Added support for the ***aws-ec2-address-disassociate*** command to disassociate an Elastic IP address from an instance or network interface.
- Added support for the ***aws-ec2-address-release*** command to release an Elastic IP address back to the IP address pool.
- Added support for the ***aws-ec2-image-available-waiter*** command to wait until an Amazon Machine Image (AMI) becomes available.
- Added support for the ***aws-ec2-images-describe*** command to describe EC2 images (AMIs, AKIs, and ARIs) with support for filtering by owners, executable users, and inclusion of deprecated/disabled images.
- Added support for the ***aws-ec2-image-create*** command to create Amazon Machine Images (AMIs) from EBS-backed instances, including support for custom block device mappings and tag specifications.
- Added support for the ***aws-ec2-image-deregister*** command to deregister Amazon Machine Images (AMIs).
- Added support for the ***aws-ec2-image-copy*** command to copy Amazon Machine Images (AMIs) across AWS regions.
- Added support for the ***aws-ec2-volumes-describe*** command to describe the specified EBS volumes or all of your EBS volumes.
- Added support for the ***aws-ec2-volume-modify*** command to modify several parameters of an existing EBS volume, including volume size, volume type, and IOPS capacity.
- Added support for the ***aws-ec2-volume-create*** command to create an EBS volume that can be attached to an instance in the same Availability Zone.
- Added support for the ***aws-ec2-volume-attach*** command to attach an EBS volume to a running or stopped instance and expose it to the instance with the specified device name.
- Added support for the ***aws-ec2-volume-detach*** command to detach an EBS volume from an instance.
- Added support for the ***aws-ec2-volume-delete*** command to delete the specified EBS volume. The volume must be in the available state (not attached to an instance).
- Added support for the ***aws-ec2-instances-monitor*** command to enable detailed monitoring for running instances.
- Added support for the ***aws-ec2-instances-unmonitor*** command to disable detailed monitoring for running instances.
- Added support for the ***aws-ec2-instances-reboot*** command to reboot one or more instances.
- Added support for the ***aws-ec2-instance-running-waiter*** command to wait until an instance is running.
- Added support for the ***aws-ec2-instance-status-ok-waiter*** command to wait until instance status checks pass.
- Added support for the ***aws-ec2-instance-stopped-waiter*** command to wait until an instance is stopped.
- Added support for the ***aws-ec2-instance-terminated-waiter*** command to wait until an instance is terminated.
- Added support for the ***aws-ec2-iam-instance-profile-associations-describe*** command to describe IAM instance profile associations.
- Added support for the ***aws-ec2-password-data-get*** command to retrieve the encrypted administrator password for a running Windows instance.
- Added support for the ***aws-ec2-reserved-instances-describe*** command to describe one or more reserved instances.
- Added support for the ***aws-ec2-snapshots-describe*** command to describe specified EBS snapshots or all EBS snapshots available to you.
- Added support for the ***aws-ec2-snapshot-delete*** to delete the specified EBS snapshot.
- Added support for the ***aws-ec2-snapshot-copy*** command to copy a point-in-time snapshot of an EBS volume to Amazon S3.
- Added support for the ***aws-ec2-snapshot-completed-waiter*** command, a waiter function that waits until a snapshot is complete.
- Added support for the ***aws-lambda-function-versions-list*** command that returns a list of versions, with the versionspecific configuration of each.
- Added support for the ***aws-lambda-function-get*** command that returns information about the function or the specified version, including a link to download the deployment package (valid for 10 minutes). if a version is specified, only versionspecific details are returned.
- Added support for the ***aws-lambda-layer-version-publish*** command that creates a lambda layer from a zip archive.
- Added support for the ***aws-lambda-function-url-config-delete*** command that deletes a lambda function url. when you delete a function url, you can't recover it. creating a new function url results in a different url address.
- Added support for the ***aws-lambda-layer-version-list*** command that lists the versions of an lambda layer.
- Added support for the ***aws-lambda-aliases-list*** command that returns a list of aliases created for a lambda function.
- Added support for the ***aws-lambda-layer-version-delete*** command that deletes a version of a lambda layer.
- Added support for the ***aws-lambda-functions-list*** command that returns a list of your lambda functions. for each function, the response includes the function configuration information.
- Added support for the ***aws-lambda-function-delete*** command that deletes a lambda function.
- Added support for the ***aws-lambda-account-settings-get*** command that retrieves details about the account's limits and usage in an aws region.
- Added support for the ***aws-ec2-launch-templates-describe*** command to describe one or more launch templates.
- Added support for the ***aws-ec2-launch-template-create*** command to create a launch template containing the parameters to launch an instance.
- Added support for the ***aws-ec2-launch-template-delete*** command to delete a launch template and all of its versions.
- Added support for the ***aws-ec2-fleet-create*** command to launch an EC2 Fleet, enabling you to request a combination of on-demand and Spot Instances across multiple instance types and availability zones.
- Added support for the ***aws-ec2-fleet-delete*** command to delete one or more EC2 Fleets, with an option to terminate the associated running instances.
- Added support for the ***aws-ec2-fleets-describe*** command to describe one or more EC2 Fleets, including their configuration, state, and capacity fulfillment details.
- Added support for the ***aws-ec2-fleet-instances-describe*** command to describe the running instances for a specified EC2 Fleet.
- Added support for the ***aws-ec2-fleet-modify*** command to modify the configuration of an existing EC2 Fleet, including target capacity, launch template overrides, and excess capacity termination policy.
- Added support for the ***aws-ec2-vpc-delete*** command to delete the specified VPC.
- Added support for the ***aws-ec2-vpc-endpoint-create*** command to create a VPC endpoint for a specified service, enabling a private connection between your VPC and the service.
- Added support for the ***aws-ec2-internet-gateway-describe*** command to describe one or more of your internet gateways.
- Added support for the ***aws-ec2-internet-gateway-detach*** command to detach an internet gateway from a VPC, disabling connectivity between the internet and the VPC.
- Added support for the ***aws-ec2-internet-gateway-delete*** command to delete the specified internet gateway.
- Added support for the ***aws-ec2-subnet-delete*** command to delete the specified subnet.
- Added support for the ***aws-ec2-network-acl-entry-create*** command to create an entry (a rule) in a network ACL with the specified rule number.
- Added support for the ***aws-ec2-key-pairs-describe*** command to describe the specified key pairs or all key pairs in your account.
- Added support for the ***aws-ec2-hosts-allocate*** command to allocate a Dedicated Host to your account.
- Added support for the ***aws-ec2-hosts-release*** command to release the specified Dedicated Hosts.
- Added support for the ***aws-ec2-traffic-mirror-session-create*** command to create a Traffic Mirror session that actively copies packets from a Traffic Mirror source to a Traffic Mirror target.
- Added support for the ***aws-eks-clusters-list*** command to return a list of EKS clusters.
- Added support for the ***aws-eks-access-entry-create*** command to create a new access entry for an Amazon EKS cluster.
- Added support for the ***aws-eks-access-entry-update*** command to update an existing Access Entry for an Amazon EKS cluster.
- Added support for the ***aws-rds-db-instances-describe*** command to return information about provisioned RDS instances.
- Added support for the ***aws-redshift-cluster-modify*** command to modify the settings of a Redshift cluster.
- Added support for the ***aws-lambda-function-configuration-update*** command to update the configuration for a Lambda function.
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/boto3py3:1.0.0.8187750*