
#### Classifiers

##### New: XSOAR Engineer Training Classifier

 (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).

#### Incident Fields

- New: **XSOAR Training Pack Useful**
- New: **Training Example Timer**
- New: **Training Grid Set Grid Field**
- New: **Training Options From List**
- New: **Training Grid Field Sort**
- New: **Training Short Text**
- New: **Training Teams**

#### Incident Types

- New: **XSOAR Engineer Training**
- New: **XSOAR Engineer URL Alerts**

#### Integrations

##### New: IP.Info (XSOAR Engineer)

- Queries IpInfo.io for information about an IP.   Use for training how to write simple integrations. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).
##### New: RandomThreatIntel (XSOAR Engineer)

- This example integration randomly enriches file, ip, url, and domain indictors.  Useful for demos, DO NOT use this in any production environment.

Basically any of these indicators types could come back as good, suspicious, or bad.    (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).
##### New: XSOAR Engineer Training Integration

- This integration provides sample data to fetch events into XSOAR, and commands to build playbooks around.

Use for training purposes only.  (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).
##### New: OpenWeatherMap (XSOAR Engineer)

- This integration gets the current weather using the Open Weather Map API.  Use for training how to write not-as-simple integrations. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).

#### Layouts

##### New: XSOAR Engineer URL Alerts Layout

- Example Layout for the URL Alerts use case. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).

##### New: XSOAR Engineer Training Layout

- Layout for the XSOAR Engineer Training Incident Type (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).

#### Lists

##### New: XETCustomIndicators

- List for dynamic section on the XSOAR Engineer Layout (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).
##### New: XETIncidentLifeCycle

- List for dynamic section on the XSOAR Engineer Layout (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).
##### New: XETBuildingAUseCase

- List for dynamic section on the XSOAR Engineer Layout (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).
##### New: XETAutomationScripts

- List for dynamic section on the XSOAR Engineer Layout (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).

#### Mappers

##### New: XSOAR Engineer Training Mapper

- Example Mapper for URL Alerts (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).

#### Playbooks

##### New: XSOAR Engineer Training - AD User Lookup (Sub-Playbook)

- This sub-playbook will check to see if the user exists in AD based on the inputed email address.

If the user exists, it will add the user to a key called Exists, if not add them to NotExists.  

These keys are outputs of this sub-playbook which will be returned to the parent. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).
##### New: XSOAR Engineer Training - Setup Playbook

- This playbook walks you through setting up the XSOAR Training Pack (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).
##### New: XSOAR Engineer Training - Lists - Environment List

- This playbook demonstrates using the values in an XSOAR list in a playbook.  Specifically a list called environment that holds which environment we are dealing with! (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).
##### New: XSOAR Engineer Training - For Each Loops (Parent)

- This playbook demonstrates sub-playbook looping using a for each method.  

We start by setting an array to a context key that we are going to loop over.  The array is a list of dictionaries with or without a base64 encoded string. 

We pass this into the sub-playbook to loop over, decode the string and return the original and decoded value. 

Individual steps in the playbook may have additional details.  (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).
##### New: XSOAR Engineer Training - Set Grid Field

- This playbook demos the set grid field automation.   (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).
##### New: XSOAR Engineer Training - AD Password Reset  (Sub-Playbook)

- This is a sub-playbook that simulates an AD Password Reset process, which can be used as a sub-playbook across a number of different playbooks simply by adding it in, and passing the proper inputs in. 

This sub-playbook will output the new password, so it can be provided to the User, or maybe the users manager.  (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).
##### New: XSOAR Engineer Training - For Each Loops (Sub-Playbook)

- This sub-playbook works with the parent, and will loop over the passed in data, and IF there is a Base64 key, it will decode it, and return a new key called LoopData with contained the original Base64 and the decoded base 64. 

Make sure to check the Playbook Inputs/Outputs to see what to pass in, and what this playbook will output to the parent.  (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).
##### New: XSOAR Engineer Training - Builtin Loops (Parent)

- This playbook demonstrates how to do sub-playbook looping using the Builtin method.  Basically looping over the embedded sub-playbook until results are returned (or not). 
 (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).
##### New: XSOAR Engineer Training - Lists - Internal IPs

- Example of using an XSOAR list in a playbook, this time checking if an IP is in an internal range or not.  (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).
##### New: XSOAR Engineer Training - Loop on Array Data

- This playbook demonstrates how a playbook task loops over an array of data, and different ways to handle that.

By default when you pass an array into an integration command or an Automation script, it run the command for each item in the array.   

This behaviour can be changed by using the "Is Array" option on the argument, which tells XSOAR to expect an array in this field, and run once instead.

This playbook demonstrates this using 2 automations, one is IsIPinRanges, the other is CheckCIDRinList, which is a custom automation in this pack.  Both can be viewed from the Automations menu. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).
##### New: XSOAR Engineer Training - AD User Lookup (Parent)

- This playbook demonstrates playbook looping via the embedded sub-playbook.  In this case, we query for a list of users to lookup, and pass them into the sub-playbook.  

The sub-playbook will check to see if the user exists in AD or not, and return a list of users who do exist, and those who don't as outputs which we can use in further parts of our parent playbook. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).
##### New: XSOAR Engineer Training - For Each Loops - Send Mail Example (Parent)

- This playbook demonstrates a for each loop with a sub-playbook to send each user an individual email.  (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).
##### New: XSOAR Engineer Training - URL Alerts Playbook (Completed)

- Example playbook for the Training - URL Clicks use case, for xsoar engineer training.  This is what it *could* look like when done. 
 (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).
##### New: XSOAR Engineer Training - Builtin Loops (Sub-Playbook)

- This sub-playbook runs a SIEM search, and also increments a counter to track how many loops were performed while waiting for a search result.  Used with the parent playbook to demonstrate the Builtin looping method. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).
##### New: XSOAR Engineer Training - Data Collection Tasks

- This playbooks sets a list of users to a key in Context (UsersToBlock) and extracts IP addresses and then presents that list to the user in a data collection task.   

User can pick one, multiple, or no users/ips, and it will print the results. 

Use case for this would be to get a list of users to take further action on, or filter down the list for example.   

This technique can be adapted to actual data in context to present a list of IPs, URLs, etc for blocking. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).
##### New: XSOAR Engineer Training - Extend Context - AD Get User

- This playbook uses the extend context technique when looking up an AD user.

The simple task puts their Name and Email in their own context keys.

The advanced task creates a UserDetails key with the name and email as a dictionary underneath. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).
##### New: XSOAR Engineer Training - SLA Timer Breach Example

- This playbook demonstrates a timer breach script in action.  Timers can be used to track metrics, or to trigger actions in a playbook at a later date.  (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).
##### New: XSOAR Engineer Training - Extend Context - Set By Incident

- Example Playbook which queries for Status from one incident, and then does a set by incident on it if it's not closed.   The use case is to update the original open Incident with additional information (such as another reporting user for a phishing email), so we can keep track, and deduplicate.

Each step in the playbook may have some additional details in the details tab to explain what we are doing.  (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).
##### New: XSOAR Engineer Training - For Each Loops - Send Mail (Sub-Playbook)

- Playbook takes the email to send to as input and sends a quick email message.  

When used as a subplaybook you can add a loop to loop over each inputted list of emails to send one email to each person.  (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).
##### New: XSOAR Engineer Training - BYOI Take a Half Day

- This playbook demos the BYOI OpenWeatherMap integration, as part of the XSOAR Training Pack.  (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).
##### New: XSOAR Engineer Training - Sub-Playbooks - On Call Notification

- This sub-playbook can be used to send email notification if an Incidents severity is High or Critical.  By default it will take the current Incident severity as input, and requires a comma separated list of email addresses to send the notification to.

Inputs:

email: The email addresses to send the message to, can be comma separated. 
severity: Defaults to the current incident severity in string format (critical, high, etc)

Outputs:

EscalationEmailSent: (Yes | No) : Whether a notification email was sent.  (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).
##### New: XSOAR Engineer Training - TIM - Process Indicators Against Organizations External IP List v2

- This playbook processes indicators to check if they exist in a Cortex XSOAR list containing the organizational External IP addresses, and tags the indicators accordingly. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).

#### Scripts

##### New: SplunkClosePostProcess

- Example Splunk Post Processing script, you will likely need to change the field that contains the splunk notable event ID to make sure it can be closed.  (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).
##### New: GetTrainingPlaybooksList

- Dynamic section which shows the playbooks from the Training Pack on the Training layout. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).
##### New: PostProcessingPrintArguments

- Demo script that returns the arguments available to us in the post-processing script. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).
##### New: ExecuteTaskOnTimerBreach

- This script will complete tasks with the 'timerbreach' tag value upon timer breach (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).
##### New: XETBuildingAUseCase

- Dynamic Section that displays a markdown list based on the Tab. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).
##### New: XETCustomIndicators

- Dynamic Section that displays a markdown list based on the Tab. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).
##### New: XETRerunSetup

- Incident action button that allows you to re-run the setup for the XSOAR Engineer Training Pack (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).
##### New: ADGetUserAndManager

- Lookup a User and their Manager in Active Directory (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).
##### New: XETAutomationScripts

- Dynamic Section that displays a markdown list based on the Tab. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).
##### New: CheckIPsinCIDRList

- Determines whether an IPv4 address is contained in one or more comma-delimited CIDR ranges.  You can pass in an array of IPs, and the name of the XSOAR list containing the comma separated list of CIDRs or /32 addresses. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).
##### New: AnalystTools

- Dynamic display script to display a list of useful Analyst Tools on an Incident display. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).
##### New: FieldChangeYell

- Changes the text in a short text field to UPPERCASE when the field is changed. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).
##### New: UpdateCustomIncidentTypesOnFields

- This will add  or remove custom Incident Types on Incident fields in XSOAR (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).
##### New: FieldChangeTeams

- Example Field Change trigger script. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).
##### New: FieldChangeReOpen

- Example Field Change trigger script which can be added to the DBot Status field, and will trigger if an Incident is reopened. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).
##### New: PreProcessEventID

- Preprocessing script that checks if an Incident exists with the incoming Event ID, and drops it with only a war room entry.  Basically the same as drop and update, but without incrementing the dropped count field (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).
##### New: StringToNumberTransformer

- Transformer which changes a string to a number, or dies trying.  (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).
##### New: SetRolesOnPreProcess

- Sets the Roles on an Incident as part of preprocessing (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).
##### New: XETIncidentLifeCycle

- Dynamic Section that displays a markdown list based on the Tab. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).
##### New: TrainingCreateCustomIndicatorTypesButton

- Creates the Private IP and CXHost custom indicators via the REST API (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).
##### New: CheckIfOwnerPostProcess

- Checks if an Owner is assigned before closing the Incident, returns an error if no owner assigned. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).
##### New: XSOARTrainingPlaybookButton

- This automation sets the playbook on a given Incident based on a list of options.   (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).
##### New: XETReferenceLinks

- Dynamic display script to display a list of reference links on the layout for the training incident type. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).
##### New: FieldDisplaySort

- Sorts a Single Select or Multi-Select field options on display.  (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).
##### New: ServiceNowCloseIncidentTicket

- Post processing script to resolve and close Service Now tickets if the XSOAR Incident is closed. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).
##### New: GetTrainingAutomationsList

- Dynamic section which shows the automations from the Training Pack on the Training layout. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).
##### New: TrainingExcludePrivateCIDRsButton

- Excludes private IP ranges as IP indicators: 10.0.0.0/8, 172.16.0.0/12, 192.168.0.0/16 as part of the XSOAR Engineer Training Pack. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).
##### New: FieldChangeGrid

- This sorts the training grid field by date/time as entries are added.  (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).
##### New: XSOARTrainingHalfDayButton

- This automation sets the playbook on the current Incident to the XSOAR Engineer Training - BYOI Take a Half Day playbook.  Because we needed a button for half days. 
 (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).
##### New: IncomingServiceNowSeverityMap

- Transforms ServiceNow Severity value to XSOAR Severity values. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).
##### New: XDRCloseIncident

- Post processing script to resolve and close XDR Incidents if the XSOAR Incident is closed. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).
##### New: ADGetUserByEmailButton

- This example script will request a users email, and execute the ad-get-user command via an Incident action button (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).
##### New: FieldValidateWithRegex

- Values a field on change matches a given regex, and returns error otherwise.  Default is 5 digits. (\d{5}) (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).
##### New: FieldOptionsFromList

- Display field options from an XSOAR list, will create the list as well.... (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).
