#### Integrations

##### New: Forcepoint DLP

- New: Added a new integration- Forcepoint DLP that Forcepoint Data Loss Prevention (DLP) enables businesses to discover, classify, monitor, and protect data intuitively with zero friction to the user experience. Audit behavior in real-time with Risk-Adaptive Protection to stop data loss before it occurs. Use this integration to fetch security incidents as XSOAR incidents.


- Added the following commands:
	- ***fp-dlp-policy-list***
	- ***fp-dlp-policy-rule-list***
	- ***fp-dlp-rule-exception-list***
	- ***fp-dlp-rule-severity-action-get***
	- ***fp-dlp-rule-source-destination-get***
	- ***fp-dlp-rule-create***
	- ***fp-dlp-rule-update***
	- ***fp-dlp-rule-severity-action-update***
	- ***fp-dlp-rule-source-destination-update***
	- ***fp-dlp-rule-exception-create***
	- ***fp-dlp-rule-exception-update***
	- ***fp-dlp-incident-list***
	- ***fp-dlp-incident-update***
	- ***get-modified-remote-data***
	- ***get-remote-data***
	- ***get-mapping-fields***
	- ***update-remote-system***

##### Forcepoint DLP Event Collector (Beta)
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.12.8.3296088*.

- Metadata and documentation improvements.

#### Incident Fields

##### New: Forcepoint DLP Chanel

- New: Added a new incident field- Forcepoint DLP Chanel that captures the communication channel (e.g., email, web, USB) involved in the DLP incident.


##### New: Forcepoint DLP Classifier

- New: Added a new incident field- Forcepoint DLP Classifier that identifies the classification assigned to the sensitive data involved in the incident (e.g., confidential, internal use).


##### New: Forcepoint DLP Destination

- New: Added a new incident field- Forcepoint DLP Destination that records the destination where the sensitive data was sent or attempted to be sent (e.g., external email, cloud service).


##### New: Forcepoint DLP False Positive

- New: Added a new incident field- Forcepoint DLP False Positive that indicates whether the incident was reviewed and determined to be a false positive.


##### New: Forcepoint DLP Policy

- New: Added a new incident field- Forcepoint DLP Policy that tracks the specific DLP policy triggered during the incident, providing insight into the rule violated.


##### New: Forcepoint DLP Release

- New: Added a new incident field- Forcepoint DLP Release that The status of the released incidents will change from Releasing... to Released after the action is completed. Refresh the screen and check the Status column. In case of failure, the status will remian Quarantined.



#### Mappers

##### New: Forcepoint DLP Incoming Mapper

- New: Added a new mapper- Forcepoint DLP Incoming Mapper that maps incoming Forcepoint DLP incident data to the appropriate XSOAR fields for incident ingestion.


##### New: Forcepoint DLP Outgoing Mapper

- New: Added a new mapper- Forcepoint DLP Outgoing Mapper that maps XSOAR incident fields to the appropriate format for updating or syncing with Forcepoint DLP.



#### Layouts

##### New: Forcepoint DLP Layout

- New: Added a new layout- Forcepoint DLP Layout that displays Forcepoint DLP incident data in a structured and user-friendly format within the XSOAR interface.



#### Incident Types

##### New: Forcepoint DLP Incident

- New: Added a new incident type- Forcepoint DLP Incident that represents incidents generated by Forcepoint DLP for centralized investigation and response within XSOAR.
