
#### Scripts
##### GetUsersOnCall
- Added the argument *listname* that allows users to specify the Out Of Office list name to verify against. (The default name is OOO List.)
##### GetShiftsPerUser
- Upgraded the Docker image to demisto/python3:3.9.1.14969.
##### GetRolesPerShift
- Upgraded the Docker image to demisto/python3:3.9.1.14969.
##### GetNumberOfUsersOnCall
- Upgraded the Docker image to demisto/python3:3.9.1.14969.
##### GetOnCallHoursPerUser
- Upgraded the Docker image to demisto/python3:3.9.1.14969.
##### New: CreateChannelWrapper
- Creates a channel in Slack v2 or in Microsoft Teams. If both of them are available, it creates the channel in both Slack v2 and Microsoft Teams. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.5.0).
##### New: AssignToNextShiftOOO
- Randomly assigns the incidents to users on call (requires shift management) and users on call. This automation is used for reassigning a large number of incidents to the next shift. It works with the other Out of Office automations to ensure only available users get assigned. Incident IDs should be passed in as a comma-separated list. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.0.0).
##### New: TimeToNextShift
- Retrieves the time left to the next shift. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.5.0).
##### New: AssignAnalystToIncidentOOO
- Assigns an analyst to an incident with consideration of PTO, OOO, or other unavailability. Users can use the ManageOOOusers automation to add or remove themselves from the list. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.5.0).
##### New: ManageOOOusers
- Add or remove yourself from the out of office list in XSOAR. When used with the AssignAnalystToIncidentOOO automation, prevents incidents from being assigned to you while out of office. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.5.0).
##### New: OutOfOfficeListCleanup
- Cleans the out of office list for XSOAR users, removing any users whose 'off until day' is in the past. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.5.0).
##### New: GetUsersOOO
- Retrieves users that are currently out of office. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.5.0).

#### Widgets
##### New: Out of office users
- Details of the users who are currently out of office (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.5.0).
##### New: Shift changes in
- Displays the amount of time left until the end of shift. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.5.0).
