
#### Incident Fields
- **Shift manager briefing **
- **Shift open incidents**
- **Out off the office**
- **To join the meeting**
- **To start the meeting**

#### Layouts
- **shift handover**

#### Playbooks
##### New: Assign Active Incidents to Next Shift V2
- This playbook reassigns Active Incidents to the current users on call. It requires shift management to be set up.  The playbook can be run as a job a few minutes after the scheduled shift change time.

You can update the playbook input with a different search query, if required.  Will branch if there are no incidents that match the query and no users on call. 

Cases will not be assigned to users that defined OOO (by OutOfOffice automation). (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.0.0).
##### New: Set up a Shift handover meeting
- This playbook is used to create an online meeting for shift handover. Currently, this playbook supports Zoom. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.0.0).
##### New: Shift handover
- This playbook is used to set up shift handover meetings with all the accompanying processes such as creating an online meeting, creating a notification in a integrated chat app (for example Slack), creating a SOC manager briefing, and creating a display of the active incidents, team members who are on-call, and team members who are out of the office.
By modifying the playbook inputs you can decide whether to activate the Assign Active Incidents to Next Shift and whether a user who is out of the office will be taken into consideration. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.0.0).

#### Scripts
##### GetOnCallHoursPerUser
- %%UPDATE_RN%%
##### GetNumberOfUsersOnCall
- %%UPDATE_RN%%
##### GetRolesPerShift
- %%UPDATE_RN%%
##### GetShiftsPerUser
- %%UPDATE_RN%%

#### Widgets
##### Users On-Call
- %%UPDATE_RN%%
##### On-Call Hours Per User
- %%UPDATE_RN%%
##### Number Of Users On-Call
- %%UPDATE_RN%%
##### Roles Per Shift
- %%UPDATE_RN%%

#### Incident Types
- **Shift handover**