
#### Scripts
##### GetUsersOnCall
Added the argument *listname* that allows users to specify a new name for the Out Of Office list. The default name is *OOO List*.
##### GetShiftsPerUser
Upgraded the Docker image to demisto/python3:3.9.1.14969.
##### GetRolesPerShift
Upgraded the Docker image to demisto/python3:3.9.1.14969.
##### GetNumberOfUsersOnCall
Upgraded the Docker image to demisto/python3:3.9.1.14969.
##### GetOnCallHoursPerUser
Upgraded the Docker image to demisto/python3:3.9.1.14969.
##### New: CreateChannelWrapper
Creates a channel in Slack v2 or in Microsoft Teams. If both Slack v2 and Microsoft Teams are available, it creates the channel in both Slack v2 and Microsoft Teams. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.5.0).
##### New: AssignToNextShiftOOO
Randomly assigns the incidents to on call analysts (requires shift management). This automation is used for reassigning a large number of incidents to the next shift. It works with the other out-of-office automations to ensure only available analysts get assigned. Incident IDs should be passed as a comma-separated list. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.0.0).
##### New: TimeToNextShift
Retrieves the time left until the next shift begins. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.5.0).
##### New: AssignAnalystToIncidentOOO
Assigns an analyst to an incident with consideration of PTO, OOO, or other unavailability. Users can use the ManageOOOusers automation to add or remove themselves from the out of office list. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.5.0).
##### New: ManageOOOusers
Adds or removes an analyst from the out-of-office list in XSOAR. When used with the AssignAnalystToIncidentOOO automation, prevents incidents from being assigned to an analyst who is out of the office. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.5.0).
##### New: OutOfOfficeListCleanup
Removes any analyst from the out-of-office list whose 'off until day' is in the past. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.5.0).
##### New: GetUsersOOO
Retrieves users who are currently out of office. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.5.0).

#### Widgets
##### New: Out of office users
Details of the users who are currently out of office. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.5.0).
##### New: Shift changes in
Displays the amount of time left until the end of shift. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.5.0).
