
#### Integrations

##### Azure

- Added support for **azure-set-function-app-http-version2-0-quick-action** command that enables the http/2.0 protocol for the function app. 'microsoft.web/sites/config/write' permission required.

- Added support for **azure-postgres-config-set-quick-action** command that enable connection throttling on the postgresql server. this enables the postgresql database to set the verbosity of logged messages allowing generation of query and error logs with respect to concurrent connections. 'microsoft.dbforpostgresql servers/configuration/*' permission is required.

- Added support for **azure-nsg-security-rule-update-quick-action** command that updates the access setting of the network security group (nsg) rule to deny. 'microsoft.network/networksecuritygroups/securityrules/*' permission is required.

- Added support for **azure-storage-disable-public-access-quick-action** command that disables public access to blobs for the storage account, effectively disabling anonymous/public read access to container and blobs within an azure storage account. 'microsoft.storage/storageaccounts/write' permission is required.

- Added support for **azure-storage-allow-access-quick-action** command that configures the storage account's network rules to allow traffic from azure services. 'microsoft.storage/storageaccounts/*' permission is required.

- Added support for **azure-webapp-auth-update-quick-action** command that enables the app service authentication for the web app. 'microsoft.web/sites/{app_name}/config/authsettings/*' permission is required.

- Added support for **azure-webapp-disable-remote-debugging-quick-action** command that disables remote debugging for the web app to prevent unauthorized access to the application code.  'microsoft.web/sites/config/write' permission is required.

- Added support for **azure-disable-storage-account-cross-tenant-replication-quick-action** command.

- Added support for **azure-webapp-set-http-version2.0-quick-action** command that enables the http/2.0 protocol for the webapp. 'microsoft.web/sites/{app_name}/config/*' permission is required.
  
- Added support for **azure-webapp-assign-managed-identity-quick-action** command that assigns managed identity to the web app. this allows the app to securely access other azure services while removing the need to manage sensitive credentials and the risk of exposing them. 'microsoft.web/sites/{app_name}/config/*' permission is required.
