
#### Integrations

##### Azure

- Added support for **azure-policy-assignment-create-quick-action**, which applies Microsoft Defender for Cloud built-in recommendations by creating a policy assignment for the SecurityCenterBuiltIn initiative.
- Added support for **azure-postgres-config-set-disconnection-logging-quick-action**, which enables logging of client disconnections on the PostgreSQL server.
- Added support for **azure-postgres-config-set-checkpoint-logging-quick-action**, which enables PostgreSQL Checkpoint Logging.
- Added support for **azure-postgres-config-set-connection-throttling-quick-action**, which enables connection throttling on the PostgreSQL server. This enables the PostgreSQL database to set the verbosity of logged messages allowing generation of query and error logs with respect to concurrent connections.
- Added support for **azure-postgres-config-set-session-connection-logging-quick-action**, which enables logging of client connections on the PostgreSQL.
- Added support for **azure-postgres-config-set-log-retention-period-quick-action**, which sets the log retention period for the PostgreSQL server to 4 days. NOTE: Recommended Log retention days value can be in 4-7 inclusive range.
- Added support for **azure-postgres-config-set-statement-logging-quick-action**, which enables logging of statement execution duration on the PostgreSQL server to help with performance analysis.
- Added support for **azure-postgres-server-update-ssl-enforcement-quick-action**, which enforces SSL/TLS connections for the PostgreSQL server to reject unencrypted traffic.
