
#### Integrations

##### Azure

- Added support for **azure-disable-storage-account-cross-tenant-replication-quick-action** command that disables cross-tenant object replication for the storage account, preventing data from being copied to other Azure AD tenants.
- Added support for **azure-webapp-auth-update-quick-action** command that enables App Service Authentication for the web app.
- Added support for **azure-webapp-set-http-version2.0-quick-action** command that enables http 2.0 for the web app. requires 'microsoft.web/sites/{app_name}/config/*' permission.
- Added support for **azure-policy-assignment-create-quick-action** command that applies microsoft defender for cloud builtin recommendations by setting the following to 'AuditIfNotExists': system updates, security configuration, endpoint protection, disk encryption, network security groups, web application firewall, next-generation firewall, vulnerability assessment, storage encryption, jit network access, adaptive application controls, sql auditing, and sql encryption.
- Added support for **azure-storage-disable-public-access-quick-action** command that disables public access to blobs for the storage account, blocking anonymous/public read access to containers and blobs.
- Added support for **azure-storage-allow-access-quick-action** command that configures the storage account's network rules to allow traffic from trusted azure services.
- Added support for **azure-postgres-config-set-quick-action** command that enable connection throttling on the PostgreSQL server. this enables the PostgreSQL database to set the verbosity of logged messages allowing generation of query and error logs with respect to concurrent connections.
- Added support for **azure-webapp-disable-remote-debugging-quick-action** command that disables remote debugging for the web app to reduce the risk of unauthorized code access.
- Added support for **azure-webapp-assign-managed-identity-quick-action** command that assigns a system-assigned managed identity to the web app, enabling secure access to other azure services without managing credentials.
- Added support for **azure-nsg-security-rule-update-quick-action** command that updates an nsg rule's access setting to .
- Added support for **azure-set-function-app-http-version2-0-quick-action** command that enables http 2.0 for the function app.
