
#### Incident Fields

##### New: CTM360 CyberBlindspot CC CVV

- Added a new incident field- *CTM360 CyberBlindspot CC CVV* The compromised card's Card Verification Value (CVV).

##### New: CTM360 CyberBlindspot Risks

- Added a new incident field- *CTM360 CyberBlindspot Risks* Risks associated with the incident.

##### New: CTM360 CyberBlindspot ML Computer Name

- Added a new incident field- *CTM360 CyberBlindspot ML Computer Name* The name of the computer that was compromised.

##### New: CTM360 CyberBlindspot ML User

- Added a new incident field- *CTM360 CyberBlindspot ML User* The user of the compromised account.

##### New: CTM360 CyberBlindspot Confirmation Time

- Added a new incident field- *CTM360 CyberBlindspot Confirmation Time* The time the incident was confirmed.

##### New: CTM360 CyberBlindspot ML Hostname

- Added a new incident field- *CTM360 CyberBlindspot ML Hostname* The hostname of the compromised device.

##### New: CTM360 CyberBlindspot BC Username

- Added a new incident field- *CTM360 CyberBlindspot BC Username* The username related to the breach.

##### New: CTM360 CyberBlindspot ML Source URI

- Added a new incident field- *CTM360 CyberBlindspot ML Source URI* The source URI of the malware.

##### New: CTM360 CyberBlindspot Timestamp

- Added a new incident field- *CTM360 CyberBlindspot Timestamp* The timestamp of the incident.

##### New: CTM360 CyberBlindspot ML Stealer Family

- Added a new incident field- *CTM360 CyberBlindspot ML Stealer Family* The family of the malware.

##### New: CTM360 CyberBlindspot CC Expiry Year

- Added a new incident field- *CTM360 CyberBlindspot CC Expiry Year* The compromised card's expiry year.

##### New: CTM360 CyberBlindspot ML URL Path

- Added a new incident field- *CTM360 CyberBlindspot ML URL Path* The path of the URL.

##### New: CTM360 CyberBlindspot Subject

- Added a new incident field- *CTM360 CyberBlindspot Subject* The subject of the incident.

##### New: CTM360 CyberBlindspot ML Website

- Added a new incident field- *CTM360 CyberBlindspot ML Website* The website of the malware.

##### New: CTM360 CyberBlindspot Ticket ID

- Added a new incident field- *CTM360 CyberBlindspot Ticket ID* The ticket ID of the incident.

##### New: CTM360 CyberBlindspot ML Software

- Added a new incident field- *CTM360 CyberBlindspot ML Software* The software that was compromised.

##### New: CTM360 CyberBlindspot Screenshots

- Added a new incident field- *CTM360 CyberBlindspot Screenshots* The screenshot evidence files associated with the incident.

##### New: CTM360 CyberBlindspot BC Breach Source

- Added a new incident field- *CTM360 CyberBlindspot BC Breach Source* The source of the breach.

##### New: CTM360 CyberBlindspot Incident Type

- Added a new incident field- *CTM360 CyberBlindspot Incident Type* The type of the incident.

##### New: CTM360 CyberBlindspot ML Sources

- Added a new incident field- *CTM360 CyberBlindspot ML Sources* The sources of the malware.

##### New: CTM360 CyberBlindspot Last Seen

- Added a new incident field- *CTM360 CyberBlindspot Last Seen* The last time the incident was seen.

##### New: CTM360 CyberBlindspot ML Operating System

- Added a new incident field- *CTM360 CyberBlindspot ML Operating System* The operating system of the compromised device.

##### New: CTM360 CyberBlindspot ML Date Compromised

- Added a new incident field- *CTM360 CyberBlindspot ML Date Compromised* The date of the compromise.

##### New: CTM360 CyberBlindspot ML Malware Path

- Added a new incident field- *CTM360 CyberBlindspot ML Malware Path* The path in which the malware was installed on the compromised device.

##### New: CTM360 CyberBlindspot ML Masked Password

- Added a new incident field- *CTM360 CyberBlindspot ML Masked Password* The masked password of the compromised account.

##### New: CTM360 CyberBlindspot Severity

- Added a new incident field- *CTM360 CyberBlindspot Severity* The severity of the incident.

##### New: CTM360 CyberBlindspot ML User Domain

- Added a new incident field- *CTM360 CyberBlindspot ML User Domain* The domain of the compromised user.

##### New: CTM360 CyberBlindspot BC Domain

- Added a new incident field- *CTM360 CyberBlindspot BC Domain* The domain related to the breach.

##### New: CTM360 CyberBlindspot CC Expiry Month

- Added a new incident field- *CTM360 CyberBlindspot CC Expiry Month* The compromised card's expiry month.

##### New: CTM360 CyberBlindspot Remarks

- Added a new incident field- *CTM360 CyberBlindspot Remarks* Remarks concerning the incident.

##### New: CTM360 CyberBlindspot BC Email

- Added a new incident field- *CTM360 CyberBlindspot BC Email* The email related to the breach.

##### New: CTM360 CyberBlindspot Class

- Added a new incident field- *CTM360 CyberBlindspot Class* The class of the incident.

##### New: CTM360 CyberBlindspot Status

- Added a new incident field- *CTM360 CyberBlindspot Status* The status of the incident.

##### New: CTM360 CyberBlindspot BC Executive Name

- Added a new incident field- *CTM360 CyberBlindspot BC Executive Name* The name of the executive related to the breach.

##### New: CTM360 CyberBlindspot ML Domain

- Added a new incident field- *CTM360 CyberBlindspot ML Domain* The domain related to the compromised device.

##### New: CTM360 CyberBlindspot First Seen

- Added a new incident field- *CTM360 CyberBlindspot First Seen* The first time the incident was seen.

##### New: CTM360 CyberBlindspot ML Password

- Added a new incident field- *CTM360 CyberBlindspot ML Password* The password of the compromised account.

##### New: CTM360 CyberBlindspot BC Password

- Added a new incident field- *CTM360 CyberBlindspot BC Password* The password related to the breach.

##### New: CTM360 CyberBlindspot Brand

- Added a new incident field- *CTM360 CyberBlindspot Brand* The brand related to the incident.

##### New: CTM360 CyberBlindspot CC Card Number

- Added a new incident field- *CTM360 CyberBlindspot CC Card Number* The compromised card's number.

#### Integrations

##### CTM360 CyberBlindspot

- Updated the CTM360_CyberBlindspot integration to support the Malware Logs module.
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.12.11.4095827*.

#### Mappers

##### CTM360-CyberBlindspot - Incoming Mapper

- Updated the *CTM360-CyberBlindspot* - Incoming Mapper to support the new incident fields.