
#### Playbooks
##### New: Recovery Plan
- This playbook handles all the recovery actions available with XSIAM.
The playbook allows to recover  from the incident with one of the following tasks:
* Unisolate endpoint
* Restore quarantined file

The playbook inputs allows you to manipulate the execution flow, please pay attention to the inputs description. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.6.0).
##### New: Endpoint Investigation Plan
- This playbook handles all the endpoint investigation actions available with XSIAM.
The playbook allows to investigate and hunt for more information using one of the following tasks:
* Pre-defined MITRE Tactics
* Host fields (Host ID)
* Attacker fields (Attacker IP, External host)
* MITRE techniques
* File hash (currently, the playbook supports only SHA256)

The playbook inputs allows you to manipulate the execution flow, please pay attention to the inputs description. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.6.0).
##### New: Eradication Plan
- This playbook handles all the eradication actions available with XSIAM.
The playbook allows to eradicate the incident with one of the following tasks:
* Reset user password
* Delete file
* Kill process (currently, the playbook supports terminating a process by name)

The playbook inputs allows you to manipulate the execution flow, please pay attention to the inputs description. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.6.0).
##### New: Containment Plan
- This playbook handles all the containment actions available with XSIAM.
The playbook allows to contain the incident with one of the following tasks:
* Isolate endpoint
* Disable account
* Quarantine file
* Block indicators (currently, the playbook supports only hashes)
* Clear user session (currently, the playbook supports only Okta)

The playbook inputs allows you to manipulate the execution flow, please pay attention to the inputs description. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.6.0).
