
#### Playbooks
##### Containment Plan
Created sub-playbooks for each containment action and added new tasks to update the incident context with the results of the containment actions. 

##### New: Containment Plan - Disable Account
New: This playbook is one of the sub-playbooks in the containment plan. 
This playbook handles disabling the account as a crucial step in the containment action.

##### New: Containment Plan - Block Indicators
New: This playbook is one of the sub-playbooks in the containment plan. 
This playbook handles blocking of indicators as a crucial step in the containment action.

##### New: Containment Plan - Isolate Device
New: This playbook is one of the sub-playbooks in the containment plan. 
This playbook handles isolating the Endpoint as a crucial step in the containment action.

##### New: Containment Plan - Quarantine File
New: This playbook is one of the sub-playbooks in the containment plan.
This playbook handles the quarantining of files as a crucial step in the containment action.

##### New: Containment Plan - Clear User Sessions
New: This playbook is one of the sub-playbooks in the containment plan. 
This playbook handles the clearing of users' sessions as a crucial step in the containment action.

##### Eradication Plan
- Created sub-playbooks for each eradication action and added new tasks to update the incident context with the results of the containment actions. 
- Added input `ProcessTermination` - This input determines whether to terminate the process using the sub-playbook `Eradication Plan - Terminate Process`.
- Added input `UserRemediation` - This input determines whether to reset the user's password using the sub-playbook `Eradication Plan - Reset Password`.
- Added input `ProcessID` - This input determines the Process ID to terminate using the sub-playbook `Eradication Plan - Terminate Process`.

##### New: Eradication Plan - Reset Password
New: This playbook is one of the sub-playbooks in the eradication plan. 
This playbook handles the resetting of users' passwords as a crucial step in the containment action.

##### New: Eradication Plan - Delete File
New: This playbook is one of the sub-playbooks in the eradication plan. 
This playbook handles the deletion of files as a crucial step in the eradication action.

##### New: Eradication Plan - Terminate Process
New: This playbook is one of the sub-playbooks in the eradication plan. 
This playbook handles the termination of the processes as a crucial step in the eradication action.