## Common Playbooks

##### Block Indicators - Generic v3

- Updated the Block Indicators - Generic v3 playbook to support Platform marketplace.

##### Domain Enrichment - Generic v2

- Updated the Domain Enrichment - Generic v2 playbook to support Platform marketplace.

##### Entity Enrichment - Generic v3

- Updated the Entity Enrichment - Generic v3 playbook to support Platform marketplace.

##### Handle False Positive Alerts

- Updated the Handle False Positive Alerts playbook to support Platform marketplace.

##### URL Enrichment - Generic v2

- Updated the URL Enrichment - Generic v2 playbook to support Platform marketplace.

##### Block Account - Generic v2

- Updated the Block Account - Generic v2 playbook to support Platform marketplace.

##### Endpoint Investigation Plan

- Updated the Endpoint Investigation Plan playbook to support Platform marketplace.

##### Get prevalence for IOCs

- Updated the Get prevalence for IOCs playbook to support Platform marketplace.

##### Recovery Plan

- Updated the Recovery Plan playbook to support Platform marketplace.

Added support for Platform marketplace.

##### Containment Plan

- Updated the Containment Plan playbook to support Platform marketplace.

##### Containment Plan - Block Indicators

- Updated the Containment Plan - Block Indicators playbook to support Platform marketplace.

##### Containment Plan - Clear User Sessions

- Updated the Containment Plan - Clear User Sessions playbook to support Platform marketplace.

##### Containment Plan - Disable Account

- Updated the Containment Plan - Disable Account playbook to support Platform marketplace.

##### Containment Plan - Isolate Device

- Updated the Containment Plan - Isolate Device playbook to support Platform marketplace.

##### Containment Plan - Quarantine File

- Updated the Containment Plan - Quarantine File playbook to support Platform marketplace.

##### Enrichment for Verdict

- Updated the Enrichment for Verdict playbook to support Platform marketplace.

##### Eradication Plan

- Updated the Eradication Plan playbook to support Platform marketplace.

##### Eradication Plan - Delete File

- Updated the Eradication Plan - Delete File playbook to support Platform marketplace.

##### Eradication Plan - Reset Password

- Updated the Eradication Plan - Reset Password playbook to support Platform marketplace.

##### Eradication Plan - Terminate Process

- Updated the Eradication Plan - Terminate Process playbook to support Platform marketplace.

##### Ticket Management - Generic

- Updated the Ticket Management - Generic playbook to support Platform marketplace.
