Packs/EWS/Playbooks/playbook-O365-SecurityAndCompliance-Search_README.md, before:

This playbook performs the following steps:
1. Creates a compliance search.
2. Starts a compliance search.
3. Waits for the compliance search to complete.
4. Gets the results of the compliance search as an output.
5. Gets the preview results, if specified.

## Dependencies
This playbook uses the following sub-playbooks, integrations, and scripts.

### Sub-playbooks
* O365 - Security And Compliance - Search Action - Preview
* Waiting for the compliance search to complete.

### Integrations
* SecurityAndCompliance

### Scripts
* PrintErrorEntry

### Commands
* o365-sc-remove-search
* o365-sc-new-search
* o365-sc-start-search
* o365-sc-get-search

## Playbook Inputs
---

| **Name** | **Description** | **Default Value** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| search_name | The name of the compliance search. |  | Required |
| force | If false, use the existing search without modifying any search parameters. If true, overwrite the existing search. Possible values are: "true" and "false". | false | Required |
| preview | Whether to preview results using the search action. Possible values are: "true" and "false". | false | Required |
| case | The name of a Core eDiscovery case to associate with the new compliance search. |  | Optional |
| kql | Text search string or a query that is formatted using the Keyword Query Language \(KQL\). |  | Optional |
| description | Description of the compliance search. |  | Optional |
| allow_not_found_exchange_locations | Whether to include mailboxes other than regular user mailboxes in the compliance search. Possible values are: "true" and "false". | true | Optional |
| exchange_location | Comma-separated list of mailboxes/distribution groups to include, or use the value "All" to include all. | All | Optional |
|  exchange_location_exclusion | Comma-separated list of mailboxes/distribution groups to exclude when you use the value "All" for the exchange_location parameter. |  | Optional |
| public_folder_location | Comma-separated list of public folders to include, or use the value "All" to include all. |  | Optional |
| share_point_location | Comma-separated list of SharePoint online sites to include. You can identify the sites by their URL value, or use the value "All" to include all sites. |  | Optional |
| share_point_location_exclusion | Comma-separated list of SharePoint online sites to exclude when you use the value "All" for the share_point_location argument. You can identify the sites by their URL value. |  | Optional |

## Playbook Outputs
---

| **Path** | **Description** | **Type** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.Search.AllowNotFoundExchangeLocationsEnabled | Whether to include mailboxes other than regular user mailboxes in the compliance search. | Boolean |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.Search.AzureBatchFrameworkEnabled | Whether the Azure Batch Framework is enabled for job processing. | Boolean |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.Search.CaseId | Identity of a Core eDiscovery case which is associated with the compliance search. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.Search.CaseName | Name of a Core eDiscovery case which is associated with the compliance search. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.Search.ContentMatchQuery | Compliance text search string or a query that is formatted using the Keyword Query Language \(KQL\). | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.Search.CreatedBy | Security and compliance search creator. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.Search.CreatedTime | Security and compliance search creation time. | Date |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.Search.Description | Security and compliance search description. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.Search.Errors | Security and compliance search errors. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.Search.ExchangeLocation | Security and compliance search exchange locations to include. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.Search.Identity | Security and compliance search identity. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.Search.IsValid | Whether the security and compliance search is valid. | Boolean |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.Search.Items | Number of security and compliance search scanned items. | Number |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.Search.JobEndTime | Security and compliance search job end time. | Date |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.Search.JobId | Security and compliance search job ID. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.Search.JobRunId | Security and compliance search job run ID. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.Search.JobStartTime | Security and compliance search job run start time. | Date |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.Search.LastModifiedTime | Security and compliance search last modification time. | Date |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.Search.LogLevel | Security and compliance search Azure log level. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.Search.Name | Security and compliance search name. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.Search.OneDriveLocation | Security and compliance search OneDrive locations to include. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.Search.OneDriveLocationExclusion | Security and compliance search OneDrive locations to exclude. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.Search.PublicFolderLocation | Security and compliance search public folder locations to include. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.Search.PublicFolderLocationExclusion | Security and compliance search public folder locations to exclude. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.Search.RunBy | Security and compliance search last run by UPN \(Email representation\). | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.Search.RunspaceId | Security and compliance search run space ID. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.Search.SharePointLocation | Security and compliance search SharePoint locations to include. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.Search.Size | Security and compliance search bytes results size. | Number |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.Search.Status | Security and compliance search status. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.Search.TenantId | Security and compliance search Tenant ID. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.Search.SuccessResults.Location | Security and compliance search result location. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.Search.SuccessResults.ItemsCount | The number of security and compliance search results in the location. | Number |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.Search.SuccessResults.Size | The byte size of the security and compliance search results in the location. | Number |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.SearchAction.Action | Security and compliance search action type. Either "Purge" or "Preview". | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.SearchAction.AllowNotFoundExchangeLocationsEnabled | Whether to include mailboxes other than regular user mailboxes in the compliance search. | Boolean |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.SearchAction.AzureBatchFrameworkEnabled | Whether the Azure Batch Framework is enabled for job processing. | Boolean |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.SearchAction.CaseId | Identity of a Core eDiscovery case which is associated with the compliance search. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.SearchAction.CaseName | Name of a Core eDiscovery case which is associated with the compliance search. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.SearchAction.CreatedBy | Security and compliance search action creator. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.SearchAction.CreatedTime | Security and compliance search action creation time. | Date |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.SearchAction.Description | Security and compliance search action description. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.SearchAction.Errors | Security and compliance search action errors. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.SearchAction.EstimateSearchJobId | Security and compliance search action job ID estimation. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.SearchAction.EstimateSearchRunId | Security and compliance search action run ID estimation. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.SearchAction.ExchangeLocation | Security and compliance search action exchange locations to include. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.SearchAction.ExchangeLocationExclusion | Security and compliance search action exchange locations to exclude. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.SearchAction.Identity | Security and compliance search action identity. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.SearchAction.IsValid | Whether the security and compliance search action is valid. | Boolean |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.SearchAction.JobEndTime | Security and compliance search action job end time. | Date |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.SearchAction.JobId | Security and compliance search action job ID. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.SearchAction.JobRunId | Security and compliance search action job run ID. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.SearchAction.JobStartTime | Security and compliance search action job start time. | Date |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.SearchAction.LastModifiedTime | Security and compliance search action last modified time. | Date |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.SearchAction.Name | Security and compliance search action name. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.SearchAction.PublicFolderLocation | Security and compliance search action public folder locations to include. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.SearchAction.PublicFolderLocationExclusion | Security and compliance search action public folder locations to exclude. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.SearchAction.Results.Location | Security and compliance search action result location. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.SearchAction.Results.Sender | Security and compliance search action result mail sender. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.SearchAction.Results.Subject | Security and compliance search action result subject. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.SearchAction.Results.Type | Security and compliance search action result type. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.SearchAction.Results.Size | Security and compliance search action result size. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.SearchAction.Results.ReceivedTime | Security and compliance search action result received time. | Date |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.SearchAction.Results.DataLink | Security and compliance search action data link. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.SearchAction.Retry | Whether to retry if the search action failed. | Boolean |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.SearchAction.RunBy | Security and compliance search action run by UPN \(email address\). | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.SearchAction.RunspaceId | Security and compliance search action run space ID. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.SearchAction.SearchName | Security and compliance search action search name. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.SearchAction.SharePointLocation | Security and compliance search action SharePoint locations to include. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.SearchAction.SharePointLocationExclusion | Security and compliance search action SharePoint locations to exclude. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.SearchAction.Status | Security and compliance search action status. Either "Started" or "Completed". | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.SearchAction.TenantId | Security and compliance search action Tenant ID. | String |

## Playbook Image
---
![O365 - Security And Compliance - Search](../doc_imgs/O365-SecurityAndCompliance-Search.png)

Commit message:

Playbooks enahcements and search_name optional

Packs/EWS/Playbooks/playbook-O365-SecurityAndCompliance-Search_README.md, after:

This playbook performs the following steps:
1. Creates a compliance search.
2. Starts a compliance search.
3. Waits for the compliance search to complete.
4. Gets the results of the compliance search as an output.
5. Gets the preview results, if specified.

## Dependencies
This playbook uses the following sub-playbooks, integrations, and scripts.

### Sub-playbooks
* O365 - Security And Compliance - Search Action - Preview
* Waiting for the compliance search to complete.

### Integrations
* SecurityAndCompliance

### Scripts
* PrintErrorEntry

### Commands
* o365-sc-remove-search
* o365-sc-new-search
* o365-sc-start-search
* o365-sc-get-search

## Playbook Inputs
---

| **Name** | **Description** | **Default Value** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| search_name | The name of the compliance search. If not specified will have prefix of "XSOAR-" and GUID e.g. XSOAR-d6228fd0-756b-4e4b-8721-76776df91526. |  | Optional |
| force | If false, use the existing search without modifying any search parameters. If true, overwrite the existing search. Possible values are: "true" and "false". | false | Required |
| preview | Whether to preview results using the search action. Possible values are: "true" and "false". | false | Required |
| case | The name of a Core eDiscovery case to associate with the new compliance search. |  | Optional |
| kql | Text search string or a query that is formatted using the Keyword Query Language \(KQL\). |  | Optional |
| description | Description of the compliance search. |  | Optional |
| allow_not_found_exchange_locations | Whether to include mailboxes other than regular user mailboxes in the compliance search. Possible values are: "true" and "false". | true | Optional |
| exchange_location | Comma-separated list of mailboxes/distribution groups to include, or use the value "All" to include all. | All | Required |
| exchange_location_exclusion | Comma-separated list of mailboxes/distribution groups to exclude when you use the value "All" for the exchange_location parameter. |  | Optional |
| public_folder_location | Comma-separated list of public folders to include, or use the value "All" to include all. |  | Optional |
| share_point_location | Comma-separated list of SharePoint online sites to include. You can identify the sites by their URL value, or use the value "All" to include all sites. |  | Optional |
| share_point_location_exclusion | Comma-separated list of SharePoint online sites to exclude when you use the value "All" for the share_point_location argument. You can identify the sites by their URL value. |  | Optional |

## Playbook Outputs
---

| **Path** | **Description** | **Type** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.Search.AllowNotFoundExchangeLocationsEnabled | Whether to include mailboxes other than regular user mailboxes in the compliance search. | Boolean |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.Search.AzureBatchFrameworkEnabled | Whether the Azure Batch Framework is enabled for job processing. | Boolean |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.Search.CaseId | Identity of a Core eDiscovery case which is associated with the compliance search. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.Search.CaseName | Name of a Core eDiscovery case which is associated with the compliance search. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.Search.ContentMatchQuery | Compliance text search string or a query that is formatted using the Keyword Query Language \(KQL\). | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.Search.CreatedBy | Security and compliance search creator. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.Search.CreatedTime | Security and compliance search creation time. | Date |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.Search.Description | Security and compliance search description. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.Search.Errors | Security and compliance search errors. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.Search.ExchangeLocation | Security and compliance search exchange locations to include. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.Search.Identity | Security and compliance search identity. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.Search.IsValid | Whether the security and compliance search is valid. | Boolean |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.Search.Items | Number of security and compliance search scanned items. | Number |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.Search.JobEndTime | Security and compliance search job end time. | Date |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.Search.JobId | Security and compliance search job ID. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.Search.JobRunId | Security and compliance search job run ID. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.Search.JobStartTime | Security and compliance search job run start time. | Date |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.Search.LastModifiedTime | Security and compliance search last modification time. | Date |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.Search.LogLevel | Security and compliance search Azure log level. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.Search.Name | Security and compliance search name. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.Search.OneDriveLocation | Security and compliance search OneDrive locations to include. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.Search.OneDriveLocationExclusion | Security and compliance search OneDrive locations to exclude. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.Search.PublicFolderLocation | Security and compliance search public folder locations to include. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.Search.PublicFolderLocationExclusion | Security and compliance search public folder locations to exclude. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.Search.RunBy | Security and compliance search last run by UPN \(Email representation\). | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.Search.RunspaceId | Security and compliance search run space ID. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.Search.SharePointLocation | Security and compliance search SharePoint locations to include. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.Search.Size | Security and compliance search bytes results size. | Number |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.Search.Status | Security and compliance search status. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.Search.TenantId | Security and compliance search Tenant ID. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.Search.SuccessResults.Location | Security and compliance search result location. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.Search.SuccessResults.ItemsCount | The number of security and compliance search results in the location. | Number |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.Search.SuccessResults.Size | The byte size of the security and compliance search results in the location. | Number |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.SearchAction.Action | Security and compliance search action type. Either "Purge" or "Preview". | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.SearchAction.AllowNotFoundExchangeLocationsEnabled | Whether to include mailboxes other than regular user mailboxes in the compliance search. | Boolean |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.SearchAction.AzureBatchFrameworkEnabled | Whether the Azure Batch Framework is enabled for job processing. | Boolean |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.SearchAction.CaseId | Identity of a Core eDiscovery case which is associated with the compliance search. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.SearchAction.CaseName | Name of a Core eDiscovery case which is associated with the compliance search. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.SearchAction.CreatedBy | Security and compliance search action creator. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.SearchAction.CreatedTime | Security and compliance search action creation time. | Date |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.SearchAction.Description | Security and compliance search action description. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.SearchAction.Errors | Security and compliance search action errors. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.SearchAction.EstimateSearchJobId | Security and compliance search action job ID estimation. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.SearchAction.EstimateSearchRunId | Security and compliance search action run ID estimation. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.SearchAction.ExchangeLocation | Security and compliance search action exchange locations to include. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.SearchAction.ExchangeLocationExclusion | Security and compliance search action exchange locations to exclude. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.SearchAction.Identity | Security and compliance search action identity. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.SearchAction.IsValid | Whether the security and compliance search action is valid. | Boolean |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.SearchAction.JobEndTime | Security and compliance search action job end time. | Date |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.SearchAction.JobId | Security and compliance search action job ID. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.SearchAction.JobRunId | Security and compliance search action job run ID. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.SearchAction.JobStartTime | Security and compliance search action job start time. | Date |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.SearchAction.LastModifiedTime | Security and compliance search action last modified time. | Date |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.SearchAction.Name | Security and compliance search action name. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.SearchAction.PublicFolderLocation | Security and compliance search action public folder locations to include. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.SearchAction.PublicFolderLocationExclusion | Security and compliance search action public folder locations to exclude. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.SearchAction.Results.Location | Security and compliance search action result location. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.SearchAction.Results.Sender | Security and compliance search action result mail sender. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.SearchAction.Results.Subject | Security and compliance search action result subject. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.SearchAction.Results.Type | Security and compliance search action result type. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.SearchAction.Results.Size | Security and compliance search action result size. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.SearchAction.Results.ReceivedTime | Security and compliance search action result received time. | Date |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.SearchAction.Results.DataLink | Security and compliance search action data link. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.SearchAction.Retry | Whether to retry if the search action failed. | Boolean |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.SearchAction.RunBy | Security and compliance search action run by UPN \(email address\). | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.SearchAction.RunspaceId | Security and compliance search action run space ID. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.SearchAction.SearchName | Security and compliance search action search name. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.SearchAction.SharePointLocation | Security and compliance search action SharePoint locations to include. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.SearchAction.SharePointLocationExclusion | Security and compliance search action SharePoint locations to exclude. | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.SearchAction.Status | Security and compliance search action status. Either "Started" or "Completed". | String |
| O365.SecurityAndCompliance.ContentSearch.SearchAction.TenantId | Security and compliance search action Tenant ID. | String |

## Playbook Image
---
![O365 - Security And Compliance - Search](../doc_imgs/O365-SecurityAndCompliance-Search.png)


## Known Limitations
---
* Each security and compliance command creates a PSSession (PowerShell session). The security and compliance PowerShell limits the number of concurrent sessions to 3. Since this affects the behavior of multiple playbooks running concurrently it we recommend that you retry failed tasks when using the integration commands in playbooks.
* In order to handle sessions limits, A retry mechanism is applied which will retry for 10 time with 30 sec breaks. (The retry isn't applied on the generic polling as its not supported yet)
