
#### Integrations

##### Doppel


- Added the **Organization Code** parameter to enable using the organization code provided by Doppel. 
- Added support to the **Proxy**, and **SSL flag** parameter to enable the use of a proxy with a Cortex engine.

#### Incident Fields

##### Doppel Brand

- Updated the Doppel Brand incident field to remove duplicate Doppel Alert Crypto in associated types.

##### Doppel Entity

- Updated the Doppel Entity incident field to remove duplicate Doppel Alert Crypto in associated types.

##### Doppel Entity Content

- Updated the Doppel Entity Content incident field to remove duplicate Doppel Alert Crypto in associated types.

##### Doppel Entity State

- Updated the Doppel Entity State incident field to remove duplicate Doppel Alert Crypto in associated types.

##### Doppel Link

- Updated the Doppel Link incident field to remove duplicate Doppel Alert Crypto in associated types.

##### Doppel Notes

- Updated the Doppel Notes incident field to remove duplicate Doppel Alert Crypto in associated types.

##### Doppel Platform

- Updated the Doppel Platform incident field to remove duplicate Doppel Alert Crypto in associated types.

##### Doppel Product

- Updated the Doppel Product incident field to remove duplicate Doppel Alert Crypto in associated types.

##### Doppel Queue State

- Updated the Doppel Queue State incident field to remove duplicate Doppel Alert Crypto in associated types.

##### New: Doppel Screenshot URL

- New: Added a new incident field - Doppel Screenshot URL which is screenshot URL received from Doppel alert data.


##### Doppel Uploaded By

- Updated the Doppel Uploaded By incident field to remove duplicate Doppel Alert Crypto in associated types.


#### Mappers

##### Doppel Incoming_Mapper

- Updated the Doppel Incoming_Mapper mapper to include Doppel Screenshot URL.


#### Layouts

##### Doppel Incident Layout

- Updated the Doppel Incident Layout layout to include Doppel Screenshot URL.


#### Playbooks

##### New: Doppel Screenshot Preview

- New: Added a new playbook- Doppel Screenshot Preview that previews the Doppel Screenshot URL to an actual image in the Incident War Room.

#### Incident Types

##### Doppel Alert Crypto

- Updated the Doppel Alert Crypto incident type to include Doppel Screenshot Preview playbook id.

##### Doppel Alert Domains

- Updated the Doppel Alert Domains incident type to include Doppel Screenshot Preview playbook id.

##### Doppel Alert Ecommerce

- Updated the Doppel Alert Ecommerce incident type to include Doppel Screenshot Preview playbook id.

##### Doppel Alert Email

- Updated the Doppel Alert Email incident type to include Doppel Screenshot Preview playbook id.

##### Doppel Alert Mobile_Apps

- Updated the Doppel Alert Mobile_Apps incident type to include Doppel Screenshot Preview playbook id.

##### Doppel Alert Paid_Ads

- Updated the Doppel Alert Paid_Ads incident type to include Doppel Screenshot Preview playbook id.

##### Doppel Alert Social_Media

- Updated the Doppel Alert Social_Media incident type to include Doppel Screenshot Preview playbook id.


#### Classifiers

##### Doppel_Incident_Classifier

- Updated the Doppel_Incident_Classifier classifier to remove duplicate Doppel Alert Crypto in associated types.

