
#### Integrations
##### Zscaler
- Add the following new parameters:
  - *Auto Activate Changes* - When enabled, the integration  activates the Zscaler command changes after
    each execution. If disabled, the user will have to call ***zscaler-activate-changes***
    to activate Zscaler command changes.
  - *Auto Logout* - When enabled, the integration will logout with each command execution.
- Added the following new commands:
  - ***zscaler-login*** - Manually create a Zscaler login session. This command will also try to log out of the previous session. 
  - ***zscaler-logout*** -  Log out of the current Zscaler session. To be used when the ***Auto Logout*** command is disabled. 
  - ***zscaler-activate-changes*** - Activate the changes executed by other Zscaler commands. To be used when the ***Auto Activate Changes*** command is disabled. 
- Added array handling for the following commands:    
  - ***ip*** - The comma-separated list of IP addresses will be handled in a single command execution.
  -  ***zscaler-category-remove-ip*** - The comma-separated list of IP addresses will be handled in a single command execution.
  -  ***zscaler-whitelist-ip*** - The comma-separated list of IP addresses will be handled in a single command execution.
  -  ***zscaler-undo-whitelist-ip*** - The comma-separated list of IP addresses will be handled in a single command execution.
  -  ***zscaler-blacklist-ip*** - The comma-separated list of IP addresses will be handled in a single command execution.
  - ***zscaler-undo-blacklist-ip*** - The comma-separated list of IP addresses will be handled in a single command execution.
  -  ***url*** - The comma-separated list of URLs will be handled in a single command execution.
  - ***zscaler-whitelist-url*** -  The comma-separated list of URLs will be handled in a single command execution.
  -  ***zscaler-undo-whitelist-url*** -  The comma-separated list of URLs will be handled in a single command execution.
  -  ***zscaler-blacklist-url*** -  The comma-separated list of URLs will be handled in a single command execution.
  -  ***zscaler-undo-blacklist-url*** - The comma-separated list of URLs will be handled in a single command execution.
