Packs/ShiftManagement/Playbooks/Get_SOC_manager_briefing_README.md, before:

This playbook is used to present the SOC manager briefing for the shift handover.

## Dependencies
This playbook uses the following sub-playbooks, integrations, and scripts.

### Sub-playbooks
This playbook does not use any sub-playbooks.

### Integrations
This playbook does not use any integrations.

### Scripts
This playbook does not use any scripts.

### Commands
* setIncident

## Playbook Inputs
---

| **Name** | **Description** | **Default Value** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| SOC_manager_Email | In case that the Shift manager debriefing section will be left empty when a new shift handover incident is opened, an Email will be send to this address to provide Shift manager debriefing. |  | Optional |
| Shift manager debriefing  | The incident field that will provide the shift manager debriefing in the layout. |  | Optional |

## Playbook Outputs
---
There are no outputs for this playbook.

## Playbook Image
---
![Get SOC manager briefing](Insert the link to your image here)

Commit message:

fix inputs description for Get SOC manager briefing PB

Packs/ShiftManagement/Playbooks/Get_SOC_manager_briefing_README.md, after:

This playbook is used to present the SOC manager briefing for the shift handover.

## Dependencies
This playbook uses the following sub-playbooks, integrations, and scripts.

### Sub-playbooks
This playbook does not use any sub-playbooks.

### Integrations
This playbook does not use any integrations.

### Scripts
This playbook does not use any scripts.

### Commands
* setIncident

## Playbook Inputs
---

| **Name** | **Description** | **Default Value** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| SOC_manager_Email | In case that the Shift manager briefing section will be left empty when a new shift handover incident is created, an Email will be send to this address to provide Shift manager briefing. |  | Optional |
| Shift manager briefing  | The incident field that will provide the shift manager briefing for the layout. |  | Optional |

## Playbook Outputs
---
There are no outputs for this playbook.

## Playbook Image
---
![Get SOC manager briefing](Insert the link to your image here)
