#### Playbooks
##### New: IAM - Activate User In Active Directory
- This playbook activates users in Active Directory. It generates a password, sets the account with the new password, and enables the account. Additionally, it sends out an email to the email provided in the “ServiceDeskEmail” input which includes the new user’s temporary password for preparing new hires’ environments.

##### New: IAM - App Update
- Updates user information in apps they are assigned to on Okta. The playbook utilizes the "IAM Configuration" incident type to determine which integration instance the command needs to execute in. It tracks errors if there are any, and assigns an analyst to review the incident when needed.

##### IAM - App Sync
- The context is now cleared at the start of the playbook to allow proper re-runs when needed.

##### IAM - New Hire
- The playbook now sets the User Profile's AD Account Status to Pending.
- Fixed an issue where the playbook would fail if Active Directory or Okta were not enabled in the system.

##### IAM - Terminate User
- Fixed an issue where the playbook would fail if Active Directory or Okta were not enabled in the system.
- The playbook now sets the User Profile's AD Account Status to Disabled.

##### IAM - Rehire User
- Fixed an issue where the playbook would fail if Active Directory or Okta were not enabled in the system.
- The playbook now sets the User Profile's AD Account Status to Pending.

##### IAM - Update User
- Fixed an issue where the playbook would fail if Active Directory or Okta were not enabled in the system.

##### IAM - Sync User
- Added tasks that delete the context and clear the layout grids to ensure that playbook re-runs would work correctly and display the right information in the layout.
- Added incident deduplication tasks.
- Removed the DateFormat input. Dates will be converted to the expected format in the Workday integration.
- Moved the TerminateOnLastDayOfWork and Timezone playbook inputs to the Workday integration configuration.
- The playbook now executes the right flow according to the incident type detected by the Workady integration. As part of this change, multiple tasks were removed and changed, and the IAM - Check If User Should Be Terminated subplaybook is no longer in use. Additionally, users will not necessarily be activated in Active Directory upon hire or rehire. Instead, their activation time will be defined by a parameter in the Workday integration configuration.

##### IAM - Check If User Should Be Terminated
- The playbook is no longer used by this pack and was deleted.

#### Layouts

##### IAM - User Workday Event
- Added a link from the incident layout to the relevant User Profile indicator.
- Improved visibility for employee display name.

#### Scripts
##### IAMShowEmploymentStatus
- Added a dynamic-section script that displays the employee's employment status in an easy-to-read format.

##### IAMLinkToUserProfile
- Added a dynamic-section script that links an employee by their employee ID to the User Profile indicator in the system.

#### Layout Containers
##### User Profile
- Added the AD Account Status field to the Hiring Information section in the layout.

#### Incident Types
##### New: IAM - AD User Activation 
- Added a new incident type for Active Directory user activation incidents.

#### Indicator Fields
##### New: AD Account Status
- Displays the user account's status in Active Directory.

#### Dashboards
##### IAM Dashboard
- Updated the widgets to include the "IAM - AD User Activation" incident type.
