Packs/AzureLogAnalytics/Integrations/AzureLogAnalytics/README.md, before:

Log Analytics is a service that helps you collect and analyze data generated by resources in your cloud and on-premises environments.
This integration was integrated and tested with version ***2020-03-01-preview*** of Azure Log Analytics

## Authorize Cortex XSOAR for Azure Log Analytics

You need to grant Cortex XSOAR authorization to access Azure Log Analytics.

1. Access the [authorization flow](https://oproxy.demisto.ninja/ms-azure-log-analytics). 
2. Click the **Start Authorization Process** button and you will be prompted to grant Cortex XSOAR permissions for your Azure Service Management. 
3. Click the **Accept** button and you will receive your ID, token, and key. You will need to enter these when you configure the Azure Log Analytics integration instance in Cortex XSOAR.

## Authorize Cortex XSOAR for Azure Log Analytics (self-deployed configuration)

Follow these steps for a self-deployed configuration.

1. To use a self-configured Azure application, you need to add a new Azure App Registration in the Azure Portal. To add the registration, refer to the following [Microsoft article](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/develop/quickstart-register-app).
2. Make sure the following permissions are granted for the app registration:
   - Azure Service Management - permission `user_impersonation` of type `Delegated`
   - Log Analytics API - permission `Data.Read` of type `Delegated`
3. Copy the following URL and replace the ***CLIENT_ID*** and ***REDIRECT_URI*** with your own client ID and redirect URI, accordingly.
```https://login.microsoftonline.com/common/oauth2/authorize?response_type=code&resource=https://management.core.windows.net&client_id=CLIENT_ID&redirect_uri=REDIRECT_URI```
4. Enter the link and you will be prompted to grant Cortex XSOAR permissions for your Azure Service Management. You will be automatically redirected to a link with the following structure:
```REDIRECT_URI?code=AUTH_CODE&session_state=SESSION_STATE```
5. Copy the ***AUTH_CODE*** (without the “code=” prefix) and paste it in your instance configuration under the **Authorization code** parameter. 
6. Enter your client ID in the ***ID*** parameter. 
7. Enter your client secret in the ***Key*** parameter.
8. Enter your tenant ID in the ***Token*** parameter.
9. Enter your redirect URI in the ***Redirect URI*** parameter.

## Get the additional instance parameters

To get the ***Subscription ID***, ***Workspace Name***, ***Workspace ID*** and ***Resource Group*** parameters, navigate in the Azure Portal to ***Azure Sentinel > YOUR-WORKSPACE > Settings*** and click on ***Workspace Settings*** tab.

## Configure Azure Log Analytics on Cortex XSOAR

1. Navigate to **Settings** > **Integrations** > **Servers & Services**.
2. Search for Azure Log Analytics.
3. Click **Add instance** to create and configure a new integration instance.

| **Parameter** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| auth_id | ID \(received from the authorization step - see Detailed Instructions \(?\) section\) | True |
| refresh_token | Token \(received from the authorization step - see Detailed Instructions \(?\) section\) | True |
| enc_key | Key \(received from the authorization step - see Detailed Instructions \(?\) section\) | True |
| self_deployed | Use a self-deployed Azure application | False |
| redirect_uri | Application redirect URI \(for self-deployed mode\) | False |
| auth_code | Authorization code \(received from the authorization step - see Detailed Instructions \(?\) section\) | False |
| subscriptionID | Subscription ID | True |
| resourceGroupName | Resource Group Name | True |
| workspaceName | Workspace Name | True |
| workspaceID | Workspace ID \(the UUID of the workspace, e.g. 123e4567-e89b-12d3-a456-426614174000\) | True |
| insecure | Trust any certificate \(not secure\) | False |
| proxy | Use system proxy settings | False |

4. Click **Test** to validate the URLs, token, and connection.
## Commands
You can execute these commands from the Demisto CLI, as part of an automation, or in a playbook.
After you successfully execute a command, a DBot message appears in the War Room with the command details.
### azure-log-analytics-execute-query
***
Executes an Analytics query for data.


#### Base Command

`azure-log-analytics-execute-query`
#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| query | The query to execute. | Required | 
| timespan | The timespan over which to query data. This is an ISO8601 time period value. This timespan is applied in addition to any timespans specified in the query expression. | Optional | 


#### Context Output

| **Path** | **Type** | **Description** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| AzureLogAnalytics.Query.Query | String | The executed query. | 
| AzureLogAnalytics.Query.TableName | String | The name of the query table. | 


#### Command Example
```!azure-log-analytics-execute-query query="Usage | take 10" workspace_id=WORKSPACE_ID```

#### Human Readable Output
## Query Results
### PrimaryResult
|Tenant Id|Computer|Time Generated|Source System|Start Time|End Time|Resource Uri|Data Type|Solution|Batches Within Sla|Batches Outside Sla|Batches Capped|Total Batches|Avg Latency In Seconds|Quantity|Quantity Unit|Is Billable|Meter Id|Linked Meter Id|Type|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
| TENANT_ID | Deprecated field: see http://aka.ms/LA-Usage | 2020-07-30T04:00:00Z | OMS | 2020-07-30T03:00:00Z | 2020-07-30T04:00:00Z | /subscriptions/SUBSCRIPTION_ID/resourcegroups/RESOURCE_GROUP/providers/microsoft.operationalinsights/workspaces/WORKSPACE_NAME | Operation | LogManagement | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0.00714 | MBytes | false | METER_ID | 00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000 | Usage |
| TENANT_ID | Deprecated field: see http://aka.ms/LA-Usage | 2020-07-30T04:00:00Z | OMS | 2020-07-30T03:00:00Z | 2020-07-30T04:00:00Z | /subscriptions/SUBSCRIPTION_ID/resourcegroups/RESOURCE_GROUP/providers/microsoft.operationalinsights/workspaces/WORKSPACE_NAME | SigninLogs | LogManagement | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0.012602 | MBytes | true | METER_ID | 00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000 | Usage |
| TENANT_ID | Deprecated field: see http://aka.ms/LA-Usage | 2020-07-30T05:00:00Z | OMS | 2020-07-30T04:00:00Z | 2020-07-30T05:00:00Z | /subscriptions/SUBSCRIPTION_ID/resourcegroups/RESOURCE_GROUP/providers/microsoft.operationalinsights/workspaces/WORKSPACE_NAME | OfficeActivity | Office365/SecurityInsights | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0.00201499908978072 | MBytes | false | METER_ID | 00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000 | Usage |
| TENANT_ID | Deprecated field: see http://aka.ms/LA-Usage | 2020-07-30T05:00:00Z | OMS | 2020-07-30T04:00:00Z | 2020-07-30T05:00:00Z | /subscriptions/SUBSCRIPTION_ID/resourcegroups/RESOURCE_GROUP/providers/microsoft.operationalinsights/workspaces/WORKSPACE_NAME | SigninLogs | LogManagement | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0.009107 | MBytes | true | METER_ID | 00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000 | Usage |


### azure-log-analytics-list-saved-searches
***
Gets the saved searches of the Log Analytics workspace.


#### Base Command

`azure-log-analytics-list-saved-searches`
#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| limit | The maximum number of saved searches to return. Default is 50. | Optional | 
| page | The page number from which to start a search. | Optional | 


#### Context Output

| **Path** | **Type** | **Description** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| AzureLogAnalytics.SavedSearch.id | String | The ID of the saved search. | 
| AzureLogAnalytics.SavedSearch.etag | String | The ETag of the saved search. | 
| AzureLogAnalytics.SavedSearch.category | String | The category of the saved search. This helps users quickly find a saved search. | 
| AzureLogAnalytics.SavedSearch.displayName | String | Display name of the saved search. | 
| AzureLogAnalytics.SavedSearch.functionAlias | String | The function alias if the query serves as a function. | 
| AzureLogAnalytics.SavedSearch.functionParameters | String | The optional function parameters if the query serves as a function. Value should be in the following format: 'param-name1:type1 = default_value1, param-name2:type2 = default_value2'. For more examples and proper syntax please refer to https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/kusto/query/functions/user-defined-functions | 
| AzureLogAnalytics.SavedSearch.query | String | The query expression for the saved search. | 
| AzureLogAnalytics.SavedSearch.tags | String | The tags attached to the saved search. | 
| AzureLogAnalytics.SavedSearch.version | Number | The version number of the query language. The current version and default is 2. | 
| AzureLogAnalytics.SavedSearch.type | String | The resource type, e.g., Microsoft.Compute/virtualMachines or Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts. | 


#### Command Example
```!azure-log-analytics-list-saved-searches limit=3```

#### Human Readable Output
### Saved searches
|Etag|Id|Category|Display Name|Function Alias|Function Parameters|Query|Tags|Version|Type|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
| W/"datetime'2020-07-05T13%3A38%3A41.053438Z'" | test2 | category1 | test2 | heartbeat_func | a:int=1 | Heartbeat \| summarize Count() by Computer \| take a | {'name': 'Group', 'value': 'Computer'} | 2 | Microsoft.OperationalInsights/savedSearches |
| W/"datetime'2020-07-28T18%3A43%3A56.8625448Z'" | test123 | Saved Search Test Category | test123 | heartbeat_func | a:int=1 | Heartbeat \| summarize Count() by Computer \| take a | {'name': 'Group', 'value': 'Computer'} | 2 | Microsoft.OperationalInsights/savedSearches |
| W/"datetime'2020-07-30T11%3A41%3A35.1459664Z'" | test1234 | test | test |  |  | 	SecurityAlert<br/>\| summarize arg_max(TimeGenerated, *) by SystemAlertId<br/>\| where SystemAlertId in("TEST_SYSTEM_ALERT_ID") |  | 2 | Microsoft.OperationalInsights/savedSearches |


### azure-log-analytics-get-saved-search-by-id
***
Gets the specified saved search from the Log Analytics workspace.


#### Base Command

`azure-log-analytics-get-saved-search-by-id`
#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| saved_search_id | The ID of the saved search. | Required | 


#### Context Output

| **Path** | **Type** | **Description** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| AzureLogAnalytics.SavedSearch.id | String | The ID of the saved search. | 
| AzureLogAnalytics.SavedSearch.etag | String | The ETag of the saved search. | 
| AzureLogAnalytics.SavedSearch.category | String | The category of the saved search. This helps users quickly find a saved search. | 
| AzureLogAnalytics.SavedSearch.displayName | String | The display name of the saved search. | 
| AzureLogAnalytics.SavedSearch.functionAlias | String | The function alias if the query serves as a function. | 
| AzureLogAnalytics.SavedSearch.functionParameters | String | The optional function parameters if the query serves as a function. Value should be in the following format: 'param-name1:type1 = default_value1, param-name2:type2 = default_value2'. For more examples and proper syntax see the Microsoft documention, https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/kusto/query/functions/user-defined-functions | 
| AzureLogAnalytics.SavedSearch.query | String | The query expression for the saved search. | 
| AzureLogAnalytics.SavedSearch.tags | String | The tags attached to the saved search. | 
| AzureLogAnalytics.SavedSearch.version | Number | The version number of the query language. The current version and default is 2. | 
| AzureLogAnalytics.SavedSearch.type | String | The resource type, e.g., Microsoft.Compute/virtualMachines or Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts. | 


#### Command Example
```!azure-log-analytics-get-saved-search-by-id saved_search_id=test1234```

#### Human Readable Output
### Saved search `test1234` properties
|Etag|Id|Category|Display Name|Query|Version|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
| W/"datetime'2020-07-30T12%3A21%3A05.3197505Z'" | test1234 | test | test | SecurityAlert &#124; summarize arg_max(TimeGenerated, *) by SystemAlertId &#124; where SystemAlertId in("TEST_SYSTEM_ALERT_ID") | 2 |


### azure-log-analytics-create-or-update-saved-search
***
Creates or updates a saved search from the Log Analytics workspace.


#### Base Command

`azure-log-analytics-create-or-update-saved-search`
#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| saved_search_id | The ID of the saved search. | Required | 
| etag | The ETag of the saved search. This argument is required for updating an existing saved search. | Optional | 
| category | The category of the saved search. This helps users quickly find a saved search. | Required | 
| display_name | The display name of the saved search. | Required | 
| function_alias | The function alias if the query serves as a function. | Optional | 
| function_parameters | The optional function parameters if the query serves as a function. Value should be in the following format: 'param-name1:type1 = default_value1, param-name2:type2 = default_value2'. For more examples and proper syntax please refer to https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/kusto/query/functions/user-defined-functions. | Optional | 
| query | The query expression for the saved search. | Required | 
| tags | The tags attached to the saved search. Value should be in the following format: 'name=value;name=value' | Optional | 


#### Context Output

| **Path** | **Type** | **Description** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| AzureLogAnalytics.SavedSearch.id | String | The ID of the saved search. | 
| AzureLogAnalytics.SavedSearch.etag | String | The ETag of the saved search. | 
| AzureLogAnalytics.SavedSearch.category | String | The category of the saved search. This helps users quickly find a saved search. | 
| AzureLogAnalytics.SavedSearch.displayName | String | The display name of the saved search. | 
| AzureLogAnalytics.SavedSearch.functionAlias | String | The function alias if the query serves as a function. | 
| AzureLogAnalytics.SavedSearch.functionParameters | String | The optional function parameters if the query serves as a function. Value should be in the following format: 'param-name1:type1 = default_value1, param-name2:type2 = default_value2'. For more examples and proper syntax please refer to https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/kusto/query/functions/user-defined-functions | 
| AzureLogAnalytics.SavedSearch.query | String | The query expression for the saved search. | 
| AzureLogAnalytics.SavedSearch.tags | String | The tags attached to the saved search. | 
| AzureLogAnalytics.SavedSearch.version | Number | The version number of the query language. The current version and default is 2. | 
| AzureLogAnalytics.SavedSearch.type | String | The resource type, e.g., Microsoft.Compute/virtualMachines or Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts. | 


#### Command Example
```
!azure-log-analytics-create-or-update-saved-search saved_search_id="test1234" category="test" display_name="new display name test" query=`SecurityAlert
| summarize arg_max(TimeGenerated, *) by SystemAlertId
| where SystemAlertId in("TEST_SYSTEM_ALERT_ID")
```

#### Human Readable Output
### Saved search `test1234` properties
|Etag|Id|Category|Display Name|Query|Version|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
| W/"datetime'2020-07-30T12%3A21%3A05.3197505Z'" | test1234 | test | new display name test | SecurityAlert &#124; summarize arg_max(TimeGenerated, *) by SystemAlertId &#124; where SystemAlertId in("TEST_SYSTEM_ALERT_ID") | 2 |


### azure-log-analytics-delete-saved-search
***
Deletes a specified saved search in the Log Analytics workspace.


#### Base Command

`azure-log-analytics-delete-saved-search`
#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| saved_search_id | The ID of the saved search. | Required | 


#### Context Output

There is no context output for this command.

#### Command Example
```!azure-log-analytics-delete-saved-search saved_search_id=test1234```

#### Human Readable Output
Successfully deleted the saved search test1234.


### azure-log-analytics-test
***
Tests connectivity to Azure Log Analytics.

#### Base Command

`azure-log-analytics-test`
#### Input

There are no input arguments for this command.

#### Context Output

There is no context output for this command.

#### Command Example
```!azure-log-analytics-test```

#### Human Readable Output
```✅ Success!```

Commit message:

add timeout arg to query cmd

Packs/AzureLogAnalytics/Integrations/AzureLogAnalytics/README.md, after:

Log Analytics is a service that helps you collect and analyze data generated by resources in your cloud and on-premises environments.
This integration was integrated and tested with version ***2020-03-01-preview*** of Azure Log Analytics

## Authorize Cortex XSOAR for Azure Log Analytics

You need to grant Cortex XSOAR authorization to access Azure Log Analytics.

1. Access the [authorization flow](https://oproxy.demisto.ninja/ms-azure-log-analytics). 
2. Click the **Start Authorization Process** button and you will be prompted to grant Cortex XSOAR permissions for your Azure Service Management. 
3. Click the **Accept** button and you will receive your ID, token, and key. You will need to enter these when you configure the Azure Log Analytics integration instance in Cortex XSOAR.

## Authorize Cortex XSOAR for Azure Log Analytics (self-deployed configuration)

Follow these steps for a self-deployed configuration.

1. To use a self-configured Azure application, you need to add a new Azure App Registration in the Azure Portal. To add the registration, refer to the following [Microsoft article](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/develop/quickstart-register-app).
2. Make sure the following permissions are granted for the app registration:
   - Azure Service Management - permission `user_impersonation` of type `Delegated`
   - Log Analytics API - permission `Data.Read` of type `Delegated`
3. Copy the following URL and replace the ***CLIENT_ID*** and ***REDIRECT_URI*** with your own client ID and redirect URI, accordingly.
```https://login.microsoftonline.com/common/oauth2/authorize?response_type=code&resource=https://management.core.windows.net&client_id=CLIENT_ID&redirect_uri=REDIRECT_URI```
4. Enter the link and you will be prompted to grant Cortex XSOAR permissions for your Azure Service Management. You will be automatically redirected to a link with the following structure:
```REDIRECT_URI?code=AUTH_CODE&session_state=SESSION_STATE```
5. Copy the ***AUTH_CODE*** (without the “code=” prefix) and paste it in your instance configuration under the **Authorization code** parameter. 
6. Enter your client ID in the ***ID*** parameter. 
7. Enter your client secret in the ***Key*** parameter.
8. Enter your tenant ID in the ***Token*** parameter.
9. Enter your redirect URI in the ***Redirect URI*** parameter.

## Get the additional instance parameters

To get the ***Subscription ID***, ***Workspace Name***, ***Workspace ID*** and ***Resource Group*** parameters, navigate in the Azure Portal to ***Azure Sentinel > YOUR-WORKSPACE > Settings*** and click on ***Workspace Settings*** tab.

## Configure Azure Log Analytics on Cortex XSOAR

1. Navigate to **Settings** > **Integrations** > **Servers & Services**.
2. Search for Azure Log Analytics.
3. Click **Add instance** to create and configure a new integration instance.

| **Parameter** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| auth_id | ID \(received from the authorization step - see Detailed Instructions \(?\) section\) | True |
| refresh_token | Token \(received from the authorization step - see Detailed Instructions \(?\) section\) | True |
| enc_key | Key \(received from the authorization step - see Detailed Instructions \(?\) section\) | True |
| self_deployed | Use a self-deployed Azure application | False |
| redirect_uri | Application redirect URI \(for self-deployed mode\) | False |
| auth_code | Authorization code \(received from the authorization step - see Detailed Instructions \(?\) section\) | False |
| subscriptionID | Subscription ID | True |
| resourceGroupName | Resource Group Name | True |
| workspaceName | Workspace Name | True |
| workspaceID | Workspace ID \(the UUID of the workspace, e.g. 123e4567-e89b-12d3-a456-426614174000\) | True |
| insecure | Trust any certificate \(not secure\) | False |
| proxy | Use system proxy settings | False |

4. Click **Test** to validate the URLs, token, and connection.
## Commands
You can execute these commands from the Demisto CLI, as part of an automation, or in a playbook.
After you successfully execute a command, a DBot message appears in the War Room with the command details.
### azure-log-analytics-execute-query
***
Executes an Analytics query for data.


#### Base Command

`azure-log-analytics-execute-query`
#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| query | The query to execute. | Required | 
| timespan | The timespan over which to query data. This is an ISO8601 time period value. This timespan is applied in addition to any timespans specified in the query expression. | Optional | 
| timeout | The amount of time (in seconds) that a request will wait for the query response before a timeout occurs. | Optional | 


#### Context Output

| **Path** | **Type** | **Description** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| AzureLogAnalytics.Query.Query | String | The executed query. | 
| AzureLogAnalytics.Query.TableName | String | The name of the query table. | 


#### Command Example
```!azure-log-analytics-execute-query query="Usage | take 10" workspace_id=WORKSPACE_ID```

#### Human Readable Output
## Query Results
### PrimaryResult
|Tenant Id|Computer|Time Generated|Source System|Start Time|End Time|Resource Uri|Data Type|Solution|Batches Within Sla|Batches Outside Sla|Batches Capped|Total Batches|Avg Latency In Seconds|Quantity|Quantity Unit|Is Billable|Meter Id|Linked Meter Id|Type|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
| TENANT_ID | Deprecated field: see http://aka.ms/LA-Usage | 2020-07-30T04:00:00Z | OMS | 2020-07-30T03:00:00Z | 2020-07-30T04:00:00Z | /subscriptions/SUBSCRIPTION_ID/resourcegroups/RESOURCE_GROUP/providers/microsoft.operationalinsights/workspaces/WORKSPACE_NAME | Operation | LogManagement | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0.00714 | MBytes | false | METER_ID | 00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000 | Usage |
| TENANT_ID | Deprecated field: see http://aka.ms/LA-Usage | 2020-07-30T04:00:00Z | OMS | 2020-07-30T03:00:00Z | 2020-07-30T04:00:00Z | /subscriptions/SUBSCRIPTION_ID/resourcegroups/RESOURCE_GROUP/providers/microsoft.operationalinsights/workspaces/WORKSPACE_NAME | SigninLogs | LogManagement | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0.012602 | MBytes | true | METER_ID | 00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000 | Usage |
| TENANT_ID | Deprecated field: see http://aka.ms/LA-Usage | 2020-07-30T05:00:00Z | OMS | 2020-07-30T04:00:00Z | 2020-07-30T05:00:00Z | /subscriptions/SUBSCRIPTION_ID/resourcegroups/RESOURCE_GROUP/providers/microsoft.operationalinsights/workspaces/WORKSPACE_NAME | OfficeActivity | Office365/SecurityInsights | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0.00201499908978072 | MBytes | false | METER_ID | 00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000 | Usage |
| TENANT_ID | Deprecated field: see http://aka.ms/LA-Usage | 2020-07-30T05:00:00Z | OMS | 2020-07-30T04:00:00Z | 2020-07-30T05:00:00Z | /subscriptions/SUBSCRIPTION_ID/resourcegroups/RESOURCE_GROUP/providers/microsoft.operationalinsights/workspaces/WORKSPACE_NAME | SigninLogs | LogManagement | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0.009107 | MBytes | true | METER_ID | 00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000 | Usage |


### azure-log-analytics-list-saved-searches
***
Gets the saved searches of the Log Analytics workspace.


#### Base Command

`azure-log-analytics-list-saved-searches`
#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| limit | The maximum number of saved searches to return. Default is 50. | Optional | 
| page | The page number from which to start a search. | Optional | 


#### Context Output

| **Path** | **Type** | **Description** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| AzureLogAnalytics.SavedSearch.id | String | The ID of the saved search. | 
| AzureLogAnalytics.SavedSearch.etag | String | The ETag of the saved search. | 
| AzureLogAnalytics.SavedSearch.category | String | The category of the saved search. This helps users quickly find a saved search. | 
| AzureLogAnalytics.SavedSearch.displayName | String | Display name of the saved search. | 
| AzureLogAnalytics.SavedSearch.functionAlias | String | The function alias if the query serves as a function. | 
| AzureLogAnalytics.SavedSearch.functionParameters | String | The optional function parameters if the query serves as a function. Value should be in the following format: 'param-name1:type1 = default_value1, param-name2:type2 = default_value2'. For more examples and proper syntax please refer to https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/kusto/query/functions/user-defined-functions | 
| AzureLogAnalytics.SavedSearch.query | String | The query expression for the saved search. | 
| AzureLogAnalytics.SavedSearch.tags | String | The tags attached to the saved search. | 
| AzureLogAnalytics.SavedSearch.version | Number | The version number of the query language. The current version and default is 2. | 
| AzureLogAnalytics.SavedSearch.type | String | The resource type, e.g., Microsoft.Compute/virtualMachines or Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts. | 


#### Command Example
```!azure-log-analytics-list-saved-searches limit=3```

#### Human Readable Output
### Saved searches
|Etag|Id|Category|Display Name|Function Alias|Function Parameters|Query|Tags|Version|Type|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
| W/"datetime'2020-07-05T13%3A38%3A41.053438Z'" | test2 | category1 | test2 | heartbeat_func | a:int=1 | Heartbeat \| summarize Count() by Computer \| take a | {'name': 'Group', 'value': 'Computer'} | 2 | Microsoft.OperationalInsights/savedSearches |
| W/"datetime'2020-07-28T18%3A43%3A56.8625448Z'" | test123 | Saved Search Test Category | test123 | heartbeat_func | a:int=1 | Heartbeat \| summarize Count() by Computer \| take a | {'name': 'Group', 'value': 'Computer'} | 2 | Microsoft.OperationalInsights/savedSearches |
| W/"datetime'2020-07-30T11%3A41%3A35.1459664Z'" | test1234 | test | test |  |  | 	SecurityAlert<br/>\| summarize arg_max(TimeGenerated, *) by SystemAlertId<br/>\| where SystemAlertId in("TEST_SYSTEM_ALERT_ID") |  | 2 | Microsoft.OperationalInsights/savedSearches |


### azure-log-analytics-get-saved-search-by-id
***
Gets the specified saved search from the Log Analytics workspace.


#### Base Command

`azure-log-analytics-get-saved-search-by-id`
#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| saved_search_id | The ID of the saved search. | Required | 


#### Context Output

| **Path** | **Type** | **Description** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| AzureLogAnalytics.SavedSearch.id | String | The ID of the saved search. | 
| AzureLogAnalytics.SavedSearch.etag | String | The ETag of the saved search. | 
| AzureLogAnalytics.SavedSearch.category | String | The category of the saved search. This helps users quickly find a saved search. | 
| AzureLogAnalytics.SavedSearch.displayName | String | The display name of the saved search. | 
| AzureLogAnalytics.SavedSearch.functionAlias | String | The function alias if the query serves as a function. | 
| AzureLogAnalytics.SavedSearch.functionParameters | String | The optional function parameters if the query serves as a function. Value should be in the following format: 'param-name1:type1 = default_value1, param-name2:type2 = default_value2'. For more examples and proper syntax see the Microsoft documention, https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/kusto/query/functions/user-defined-functions | 
| AzureLogAnalytics.SavedSearch.query | String | The query expression for the saved search. | 
| AzureLogAnalytics.SavedSearch.tags | String | The tags attached to the saved search. | 
| AzureLogAnalytics.SavedSearch.version | Number | The version number of the query language. The current version and default is 2. | 
| AzureLogAnalytics.SavedSearch.type | String | The resource type, e.g., Microsoft.Compute/virtualMachines or Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts. | 


#### Command Example
```!azure-log-analytics-get-saved-search-by-id saved_search_id=test1234```

#### Human Readable Output
### Saved search `test1234` properties
|Etag|Id|Category|Display Name|Query|Version|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
| W/"datetime'2020-07-30T12%3A21%3A05.3197505Z'" | test1234 | test | test | SecurityAlert &#124; summarize arg_max(TimeGenerated, *) by SystemAlertId &#124; where SystemAlertId in("TEST_SYSTEM_ALERT_ID") | 2 |


### azure-log-analytics-create-or-update-saved-search
***
Creates or updates a saved search from the Log Analytics workspace.


#### Base Command

`azure-log-analytics-create-or-update-saved-search`
#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| saved_search_id | The ID of the saved search. | Required | 
| etag | The ETag of the saved search. This argument is required for updating an existing saved search. | Optional | 
| category | The category of the saved search. This helps users quickly find a saved search. | Required | 
| display_name | The display name of the saved search. | Required | 
| function_alias | The function alias if the query serves as a function. | Optional | 
| function_parameters | The optional function parameters if the query serves as a function. Value should be in the following format: 'param-name1:type1 = default_value1, param-name2:type2 = default_value2'. For more examples and proper syntax please refer to https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/kusto/query/functions/user-defined-functions. | Optional | 
| query | The query expression for the saved search. | Required | 
| tags | The tags attached to the saved search. Value should be in the following format: 'name=value;name=value' | Optional | 


#### Context Output

| **Path** | **Type** | **Description** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| AzureLogAnalytics.SavedSearch.id | String | The ID of the saved search. | 
| AzureLogAnalytics.SavedSearch.etag | String | The ETag of the saved search. | 
| AzureLogAnalytics.SavedSearch.category | String | The category of the saved search. This helps users quickly find a saved search. | 
| AzureLogAnalytics.SavedSearch.displayName | String | The display name of the saved search. | 
| AzureLogAnalytics.SavedSearch.functionAlias | String | The function alias if the query serves as a function. | 
| AzureLogAnalytics.SavedSearch.functionParameters | String | The optional function parameters if the query serves as a function. Value should be in the following format: 'param-name1:type1 = default_value1, param-name2:type2 = default_value2'. For more examples and proper syntax please refer to https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/kusto/query/functions/user-defined-functions | 
| AzureLogAnalytics.SavedSearch.query | String | The query expression for the saved search. | 
| AzureLogAnalytics.SavedSearch.tags | String | The tags attached to the saved search. | 
| AzureLogAnalytics.SavedSearch.version | Number | The version number of the query language. The current version and default is 2. | 
| AzureLogAnalytics.SavedSearch.type | String | The resource type, e.g., Microsoft.Compute/virtualMachines or Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts. | 


#### Command Example
```
!azure-log-analytics-create-or-update-saved-search saved_search_id="test1234" category="test" display_name="new display name test" query=`SecurityAlert
| summarize arg_max(TimeGenerated, *) by SystemAlertId
| where SystemAlertId in("TEST_SYSTEM_ALERT_ID")
```

#### Human Readable Output
### Saved search `test1234` properties
|Etag|Id|Category|Display Name|Query|Version|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
| W/"datetime'2020-07-30T12%3A21%3A05.3197505Z'" | test1234 | test | new display name test | SecurityAlert &#124; summarize arg_max(TimeGenerated, *) by SystemAlertId &#124; where SystemAlertId in("TEST_SYSTEM_ALERT_ID") | 2 |


### azure-log-analytics-delete-saved-search
***
Deletes a specified saved search in the Log Analytics workspace.


#### Base Command

`azure-log-analytics-delete-saved-search`
#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| saved_search_id | The ID of the saved search. | Required | 


#### Context Output

There is no context output for this command.

#### Command Example
```!azure-log-analytics-delete-saved-search saved_search_id=test1234```

#### Human Readable Output
Successfully deleted the saved search test1234.


### azure-log-analytics-test
***
Tests connectivity to Azure Log Analytics.

#### Base Command

`azure-log-analytics-test`
#### Input

There are no input arguments for this command.

#### Context Output

There is no context output for this command.

#### Command Example
```!azure-log-analytics-test```

#### Human Readable Output
```✅ Success!```
