
#### Dashboards

##### New: Fake Dashboard

- New: Added a new dashboard- Fake Dashboard that %%UPDATE_CONTENT_ITEM_DESCRIPTION%%


#### Incident Fields

##### New: slatest

- New: Added a new incident field- slatest that %%UPDATE_CONTENT_ITEM_DESCRIPTION%%.

##### New: TEST

- New: Added a new incident field- TEST that %%UPDATE_CONTENT_ITEM_DESCRIPTION%%.


#### Incident Types

##### ServiceNowTicket

- Updated the ServiceNowTicket incident type to %%UPDATE_CONTENT_ITEM_CHANGE_DESCRIPTION%%.
##### New: FieldsType

- New: Added a new incident type- FieldsType that %%UPDATE_CONTENT_ITEM_DESCRIPTION%%


#### Integrations

##### New: Indicator Feed

- New: Added a new integration- Indicator Feed that This is the Hello World integration for getting started.


- Added the following commands:
	- ***helloworld-say-hello***
##### ServiceNow v2

- Deleted the **Custom Fields to Mirror** parameter.
- Deleted the **Mirrored ServiceNow Ticket closure method** parameter.
- Deleted the **Mirrored ServiceNow Ticket custom close state code** parameter.
- Deleted the **Instance Date Format** parameter.
- Deleted the **Use Display Value** parameter.
- Deleted the **File Entry Tag To ServiceNow** parameter.
- Deleted the **Private key** parameter.
- Deleted the **Use JWT Authentication** parameter.
- Deleted the **Use OAuth Login** parameter.
- Deleted the **Mirrored XSOAR Ticket custom close resolution code (overwrites the custom close state)** parameter.
- Deleted the **sub** parameter.
- Deleted the **Advanced: Minutes to look back when fetching** parameter.
- Deleted the **How many incidents to mirror incoming each time** parameter.
- Deleted the **Timestamp field to query for updates as part of the mirroring flow** parameter.
- Deleted the **File Entry Tag From ServiceNow** parameter.
- Deleted the **Mirrored XSOAR Ticket closure method** parameter.
- Deleted the **Close Mirrored ServiceNow Ticket** parameter.
- Deleted the **kid (Key Id)** parameter.
- Deleted the **Work Note Entry Tag From ServiceNow** parameter.
- Deleted the **Incident Mirroring Direction** parameter.
- Deleted the **Mirrored XSOAR Ticket custom close state code** parameter.
- Deleted the **Mirror Existing Notes For New Fetched Incidents** parameter.
- Deleted the **Incidents Fetch Interval** parameter.
- Deleted the **Comment Entry Tag From ServiceNow** parameter.
- Deleted the **Comment Entry Tag To ServiceNow** parameter.
- Deleted the **Work Note Entry Tag To ServiceNow** parameter.
- Deleted the **servicenow-create-co-from-template** command.
- Deleted the **get-mapping-fields** command.
- Deleted the **get-modified-remote-data** command.
- Deleted the **servicenow-delete-file** command.
- Deleted the **servicenow-generic-api-call** command.
- Deleted the **servicenow-create-ticket-quick-action** command.
- Deleted the **servicenow-oauth-test** command.
- Deleted the **servicenow-get-ticket-attachments** command.
- Deleted the **get-remote-data** command.
- Deleted the **servicenow-get-tasks-for-co** command.
- Deleted the **servicenow-oauth-login** command.
- Updated the **servicenow-create-ticket** command to not use the *fields_delimiter* argument.
- Updated the **servicenow-create-ticket** command to not use the *business_criticality* argument.
- Updated the **servicenow-create-ticket** command to not use the *risk_score* argument.
- Updated the **servicenow-create-ticket** command to not use the *input_display_value* argument.
- Added support for *escalation* argument in the **servicenow-create-ticket** command.
- Added support for *display* argument in the **servicenow-create-ticket** command.
- Updated the **servicenow-update-ticket** command to not use the *business_criticality* argument.
- Updated the **servicenow-update-ticket** command to not use the *input_display_value* argument.
- Updated the **servicenow-update-ticket** command to not use the *fields_delimiter* argument.
- Updated the **servicenow-update-ticket** command to not use the *risk_score* argument.
- Updated the **servicenow-update-ticket** command to not use the *clear_fields* argument.
- Added support for *escalation* argument in the **servicenow-update-ticket** command.
- Added support for *display* argument in the **servicenow-update-ticket** command.
- Updated the **servicenow-create-record** command to not use the *fields_delimiter* argument.
- Updated the **servicenow-create-record** command to not use the *input_display_value* argument.
- Updated the **servicenow-get-ticket** command to not use the *fields_delimiter* argument.
- Updated the **servicenow-get-ticket-notes** command to not use the *add_as_entry* argument.
- Updated the **servicenow-get-ticket-notes** command to not use the *use_display_value* argument.
- Updated the **servicenow-get-ticket-notes** command to not use the *ticket_type* argument.
- Updated the **servicenow-update-record** command to not use the *fields_delimiter* argument.
- Updated the **servicenow-update-record** command to not use the *clear_fields* argument.
- Updated the **servicenow-update-record** command to not use the *input_display_value* argument.
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.8.2.6981*.


#### Mappers

##### New: default_API (custom) (mapper)

- New: Added a new mapper- default_API (custom) (mapper) that %%UPDATE_CONTENT_ITEM_DESCRIPTION%%.


#### Playbooks

##### New: Default_bar_Test

This playbook executes when no other playbook is associated with an incident. It enriches indicators in an incident using one or more integrations.

#### Reports

##### New: Fake Report

- New: Added a new report- Fake Report that %%UPDATE_CONTENT_ITEM_DESCRIPTION%%


#### Scripts

##### New: GetShifts

- New: Added a new script- GetShifts that Retrieves shift times for on-call hours per user.

##### New: PhishingIncident

- New: Added a new script- PhishingIncident that %%UPDATE_CONTENT_ITEM_DESCRIPTION%%.

##### New: agamt

- New: Added a new script- agamt that Returns the first element of an array. If the value passed is not an array, it returns the original value that was passed.

