
#### Playbooks
##### New: Impossible Traveler - Enrichment
- This playbook get as an input all of the involved IP addresses and identities from the Impossible Traveler playbook alert, and enriches them based on the following:
* Geo location
* Active Directory
* IP enrichment e.g. VirusTotal, AbuseIPDB, etc. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.6.0).
##### New: Impossible Traveler Response
- This playbook handles impossible traveler alerts.

An Impossible Traveler event occurs when multiple login attempts seen for a user from multiple remote countries in a short period of time, which shouldn't be possible. This may indicate the account is compromised.

**Attacker's Goals:**

Gain user-account credentials.

**Investigative Actions:**

Investigate the IP addresses and identities involved in the detected activity using:

* Impossible Traveler - Enrichment playbook
* CalculateGeoDistance automation

**Response Actions**

The playbook's first response actions are based on the data available within the alert. In that phase, the playbook will execute:

* Manual block indicators if the IP address found malicious
* Manual disable user
* Manual clear of the user’s sessions (Okta)

When the playbook continues, after validating the activity with the user’s manager, another phase of response actions is being executed, which includes:

* Auto block indicators 


**External Resources:**

[Impossible traveler alert](https://docs.paloaltonetworks.com/cortex/cortex-xdr/cortex-xdr-analytics-alert-reference/cortex-xdr-analytics-alert-reference/impossible-traveler---sso.html) (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.6.0).

#### Scripts
##### New: impossibleTravelerGetDistance
- Computes the distance between two sets of coordinates, in miles. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.6.0).
