
#### Playbooks
##### New: Ransomware Response
- This playbook handles ransomware alerts based on the Cortex XDR Traps module signature 'Suspicious File Modification'

**Attacker’s Goals:**

An attacker is attempting to encrypt the victim files for either extortion or destruction purposes.

**Investigative Actions:**

Investigate the executed process image and verify if it is malicious using:

XDR trusted signers

VT trusted signers

VT detection rate

NSRL DB

**Response Actions:**

The playbook’s first response action is a remediation plan which includes two sub-playbooks, **Containment Plan** and **Eradication Plan**, which is based on the initial data provided within the alert. In that phase, the playbooks will execute:

Auto endpoint isolation

Auto block indicators

Auto file quarantine

Auto user disable

Auto process termination

Next, the playbook executes an enrichment and response phase which includes two sub-playbooks, **Ransomware Enrich and Contain** & **Account Enrichment - Generic v2.1**.
The Ransomware Enrich and Contain playbook does the following:

1.Checks if the initiator is a remote attacker and allows isolating the remote host, if possible. 

2.Retrieves the WildFire sandbox report and extracts the indicators within it. * The playbook tries to retrieve the report, but if there is no report available, the playbook tries to fetch the ransomware file for detonation. 

3.Hunts for the ransomware alert indicators from the alert table, searches for endpoints that have been seen with them, and allows containing the identified endpoints.

Next, an advanced analysis playbook, which is currently done mostly manually, will be executed. This sub-playbook, **Ransomware Advanced Analysis** allows the analyst to upload the ransomware note and for the ransomware identification. Using the **ID-Ransomware** service, the analyst will be able to get the ransomware type and the decryptor if available.

When the playbook executes, it checks for additional activity using the Endpoint Investigation Plan playbook, and another phase, which includes the Containment Plan sub-playbook, is executed.

**This phase will execute the following containment actions:**

Manual block indicators

Manual file quarantine

Auto endpoint isolation

Finally, the recovery phase is executed. If the analysts decides to continue with the investigation rather than recover and close the alert, a manual task with **CISA** official ransomware investigation checklist is provided for further investigation.

**External resources:**

[MITRE Technique T1486](https://attack.mitre.org/techniques/T1486/)

[CISA Ransomware Guide](https://www.cisa.gov/stopransomware/ransomware-guide) (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.6.0).
##### New: Ransomware Enrich and Contain
- This playbook is responsible for alert data enrichment and response.
The playbook executes the following:

1.Checks if the initiator is a remote attacker and allows isolating the remote host, if possible.

2.Retrieves the WildFire sandbox report and extract the indicators within it.
    * The playbook tries to retrieve the report, but if there is no report available, the playbook tries to fetch the ransomware file for detonation.

3.Hunts for the ransomware alert indicators from the alert table, searches for endpoints that have been seen with them, and allows containing the identified endpoints. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.6.0).
##### New: Ransomware Advanced Analysis
- This playbook detects the ransomware type and searches for available decryptors.

The playbook uses the ID-Ransomware service, which allows you to detect the ransomware using multiple methods. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.6.0).
