
#### Playbooks
##### New: XCloud Cryptomining - Set Verdict
- This playbook sets the alert's verdict as malicious if one of the following conditions is true:
1. If the source IP address is malicious
2. If the incident includes both "Unusual allocation of multiple cloud compute resources" AND "Cloud identity reached a throttling API rate" (medium/high severity)
3. If the incident includes both "Unusual allocation of multiple cloud compute resources" AND "Suspicious heavy allocation of compute resources - possible mining activity" 
4. If the incident includes "Unusual allocation of multiple cloud compute resources" with medium/high severity, the source ASN isn't known, and the source IP isn't known as well.
5. If the incident includes both "Unusual allocation of multiple cloud compute resources" AND "A cloud compute instance was created in a dormant region"

If none of the conditions is true, the playbook will wait for an analyst's decision. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.6.0).
##### New: XCloud Alert Enrichment
- This playbook is responsible for data collection and enrichment.

The playbook collects or enriches the following data:

- Account enrichment


- Network enrichment

   -Attacker IP

   -Geolocation

   -ASN (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.6.0).
##### New: XCloud Cryptomining
- Investigates a Cortex XDR incident containing Cloud Cryptomining related alert. 
The playbook supports AWS, Azure, and GCP and executes the following:

- Cloud enrichment:

    -Collects info about the involved resources

    -Collects info about the involved identities

    -Collects info about the involved IPs


- Verdict decision tree


- Verdict handling:

 -Handle False Positives

 -Handle True Positives

 -Cloud Response - Generic sub-playbook.

- Notifies the SOC if a malicious verdict was found (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.6.0).
