## Core - Investigation and Response

Added support for Platform marketplace.

#### Integrations

##### XQL Query Engine

- Updated the XQL Query Engine integration to support Platform marketplace.

Added Quick Actions support.

##### Investigation & Response
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/google-cloud-storage:1.0.0.2113590*.





- Added support for **core-script-run-quick-action** command that initiates a new endpoint script execution action using a script from the script library and returns the results.
- Added support for **core-terminate-causality-quick-action** command that terminate a process tree by its causality id. available only for xsiam 2.4 and above.
- Added support for **core-endpoint-scan-quick-action** command that runs a scan on a selected endpoint. to scan all endpoints, run this command with argument all=true. note that scanning all the endpoints may cause performance issues and latency.
- Added support for **core-retrieve-files-quick-action** command that retrieves files from selected endpoints. you can retrieve up to 20 files, from no more than 10 endpoints. at least one endpoint id and one file path are necessary in order to run the command. after running this command, you can use the coreactionstatusget command with returned action_id, to check the action status.
- Added support for **core-isolate-endpoint-quick-action** command that isolates the specified endpoint.
- Added support for **core-quarantine-files-quick-action** command that quarantines a file on selected endpoints. you can select up to 1000 endpoints.
- Added support for **core-restore-file-quick-action** command that restores a quarantined file on requested endpoints.


#### Playbooks

##### AWS IAM User Access Investigation - Remediation

- Updated the AWS IAM User Access Investigation - Remediation playbook to support Platform marketplace.

##### Local Analysis alert Investigation

- Updated the Local Analysis alert Investigation playbook to support Platform marketplace.

##### IOC Alert

- Updated the IOC Alert playbook to support Platform marketplace.

##### Identity Analytics - Alert Handling

- Updated the Identity Analytics - Alert Handling playbook to support Platform marketplace.

##### Impossible Traveler Response

- Updated the Impossible Traveler Response playbook to support Platform marketplace.

##### Large Upload Alert

- Updated the Large Upload Alert playbook to support Platform marketplace.

##### NGFW Scan

- Updated the NGFW Scan playbook to support Platform marketplace.

##### Possible External RDP Brute-Force

- Updated the Possible External RDP Brute-Force playbook to support Platform marketplace.

##### Ransomware Response

- Updated the Ransomware Response playbook to support Platform marketplace.

##### Remote PsExec with LOLBIN command execution alert

- Updated the Remote PsExec with LOLBIN command execution alert playbook to support Platform marketplace.

##### T1036 - Masquerading

- Updated the T1036 - Masquerading playbook to support Platform marketplace.

##### T1059 - Command and Scripting Interpreter

- Updated the T1059 - Command and Scripting Interpreter playbook to support Platform marketplace.

##### WildFire Malware

- Updated the WildFire Malware playbook to support Platform marketplace.


#### Layouts

##### Default XSIAM incident layout

- Updated the Default XSIAM incident layout layout to support Platform marketplace.

