#### Integrations

##### Cortex Platform - Core

- Added the following output paths:
  - **Core.Issue.identity_type** - The identity type of the account.
  - **Core.Issue.agent_ids** - The agent (endpoint) IDs associated with the issue.
  - **Core.Issue.asset_ids** - The asset IDs related to the issue.
  - **Core.Issue.issue_domain** - The domain of the issue.
  - **Core.Issue.case_ids** - The case IDs associated with the issue.
  - **Core.Issue.issue_source** - The source of the issue.
  - **Core.Issue.assigned_to_pretty** - The pretty name of the user assigned to the issue.
  - **Core.Issue.assigned_to** - The user assigned to the issue.
  - **Core.Issue.action_file_macro_sha256** - File Macro SHA256 hash of the action file macro.
  - **Core.Issue.action_process_image_sha256** - Action process image SHA256 hash.
  - **Core.Issue.causality_actor_process_image_sha256** - Causality actor process image SHA256 hash.
  - **Core.Issue.os_actor_process_image_sha256** - OS Parent SHA256 hash of the OS actor process image.
  - **Core.Issue.actor_process_image_sha256** - Actor process image SHA256 hash.

- Added the following arguments:

  - page: The page number for the issues to return for pagination.
  - page_size: The number of issues to return per page.

- Deprecated the following arguments:

  - time_frame: in order to achieve the same functionality Use **start_time** instead.
  - limit: in order to achieve the same functionality Use **page_size** instead.
  - offset in order to achieve the same functionality Use **page** instead.

##### Indicators detection

- Metadata and documentation improvements.

##### Investigation & Response

- Metadata and documentation improvements.
