
#### Triggers Recommendations

##### WildFire and Wildfire Post detection

- Updated the WildFire and Wildfire Post detection triggers recommendation to add the new id and name fields to the JSON payload, alongside the existing trigger_id and trigger_name.

##### T1059 - Command and Scripting Interpreter

- Updated the T1059 - Command and Scripting Interpreter triggers recommendation to add the new id and name fields to the JSON payload, alongside the existing trigger_id and trigger_name.

##### Remote PsExec with LOLBIN command execution alert

- Updated the Remote PsExec with LOLBIN command execution alert triggers recommendation to add the new id and name fields to the JSON payload, alongside the existing trigger_id and trigger_name.

##### T1036 - Masquerading

- Updated the T1036 - Masquerading triggers recommendation to add the new id and name fields to the JSON payload, alongside the existing trigger_id and trigger_name.

##### Ransomware Response

- Updated the Ransomware Response triggers recommendation to add the new id and name fields to the JSON payload, alongside the existing trigger_id and trigger_name.

##### Large Upload Alert

- Updated the Large Upload Alert triggers recommendation to add the new id and name fields to the JSON payload, alongside the existing trigger_id and trigger_name.

##### IOC Alert

- Updated the IOC Alert triggers recommendation to add the new id and name fields to the JSON payload, alongside the existing trigger_id and trigger_name.

##### Impossible Traveler

- Updated the Impossible Traveler triggers recommendation to add the new id and name fields to the JSON payload, alongside the existing trigger_id and trigger_name.

##### Possible External RDP Brute-Force

- Updated the Possible External RDP Brute-Force triggers recommendation to add the new id and name fields to the JSON payload, alongside the existing trigger_id and trigger_name.

##### Netcat Makes or Gets Connections

- Updated the Netcat Makes or Gets Connections triggers recommendation to add the new id and name fields to the JSON payload, alongside the existing trigger_id and trigger_name.

##### NGFW Scanning Alerts

- Updated the NGFW Scanning Alerts triggers recommendation to add the new id and name fields to the JSON payload, alongside the existing trigger_id and trigger_name.

##### Identity Analytics Alerts

- Updated the Identity Analytics Alerts triggers recommendation to add the new id and name fields to the JSON payload, alongside the existing trigger_id and trigger_name.
