
#### Incident Fields
- **Content Testing Dependencies**
- **Content Testing Coverage**
- **Content Testing PBA Info**

#### Incident Types
- **UnitTesting**

#### Layouts
##### UnitTestLayout
- Added support for PBA tab.
- Added support for Test Coverage button.
- Added support for Test Coverage section for results.

#### Playbooks
##### MockSubplaybook
- Updated the sub-playbook inputs.

#### Scripts
##### New: UnitTestPBAStats
- Added support for playbook analysis statistics.
##### New: UnitTestCoverage
- Added support for test coverage (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.5.0).
##### New: UnitTestPBATaskMax
- Added support for playbook task maximum.
##### New: UnitTestPlaybookAnalyzer
- Added support for playbook analysis (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.5.0).
##### New: UnitTestPBATaskAvg
- Added support for playbook task averages
##### ChangeHistory
- Updated the timeout to 600 seconds.
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.10.10.48392*.
##### UnitTest
- Fixed an issue so playbooks with spaces in name do not require quotes in Ad Hoc Test button.
- Fixed an issue in RunUTResults() to get arguments first in the event getting the automation ID throws an exception, uninitialized variable in the exception handler throws another exception, masking the original exception.
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.10.10.48392*.
##### UnitTestLoadFields
- Fixed an issue to not overwrite incident type.
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.10.10.48392*.
##### UpgradeCheck
- Updated the timeout to 1200 seconds.
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.10.10.48392*.
##### ListPlaybookAutomationsCommands
- Fixed an issue for playbooks referencing missing automations.
- Updated the timeout to 600 seconds.
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.10.10.48392*.
