
#### Incident Types

##### New: Symantec Email Security Cloud Incident

- New: Fetch type for regular incidents.

##### New: Symantec Email Security Cloud Quarantine

- New: Fetch type for quarantine incidents.


#### Mappers

##### New: Symantec Email Security Cloud - Mapper

- New: Mapper for Symantec's and the quarantine portal incidents.


#### Layouts

##### New: Symantec Email Security Cloud - Layout

- New: Layout for Symantec's and the quarantine portal incidents.


#### Classifiers

##### New: Symantec Email Security Cloud - Classifier




#### Integrations

##### New: Symantec Email Security Cloud

- New: Symantec Email Security.cloud is a hosted service that filters email messages and helps protect organizations from malware (including targeted attacks and phishing), spam, and unwanted bulk email. The service offers encryption and data protection options to help control sensitive information sent by email and supports multiple mailbox types from various vendors.


#### Incident Fields

##### New: Symantec ESC Detection Method

- New: Method used for detection.

##### New: Symantec ESC Email Attachment

- New: The name of the file attached to the email.

##### New: Symantec ESC Email Body

- New: The content of the email's body part.

##### New: Symantec ESC Email Direction

- New: Direction of the email.

##### New: Symantec ESC Email Malware Category

- New: Category of the detected malware.

##### New: Symantec ESC Email Malware Name

- New: Name of the detected malware.

##### New: Symantec ESC Email Recipient

- New: Recipient of the email.

##### New: Symantec ESC Email Sender

- New: Sender of the email.

##### New: Symantec ESC Email Subject

- New: Subject of the email.

##### New: Symantec ESC Quarantine Rule

- New: Name of the rule applied.

##### New: Symantec ESC Security Service

- New: Security service involved.
