
#### Incident Fields
- **CI/CD Pull Request Attachment**
- **CI/CD Pull Request Link**
- **CI/CD Pull Request Branch**
- **CI/CD Branch**
- **CI/CD Pull Request Reviewer**
- **CI/CD Pack Name**
- **CI/CD Pull Request Comment**
- **CI/CD Pull Request Title**
- **CI/CD Pull Request Review**

#### Incident Types
- **Pull Request Creation**
- **Pull Request Update**

#### Layouts
##### New: Pull Request Update
Default layout for the **Pull Request Creation** incident type. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.0.0).
##### New: Pull Request Creation
Default layout for the **Pull Request Update** incident type. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.0.0).

#### Playbooks
##### New: Pull Request Creation - Generic
This playbook creates a pull request from the content zip file. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.0.0).
##### New: Pull Request Creation - Github
This playbook creates a pull request using Github integration. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.0.0).

#### Scripts
##### New: CommitFiles
This script gets content files as input from the context, commits the files in the correct folder and creates the pull request text. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.0.0).
##### New: GetPrBranches
Field-display script that gets the branch names from "Pull Request Creation" incidents to use in the "Pull Request Branch" incident field. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.0.0).
##### New: SuggestBranchName
The script gets the pack name as input and suggests an available branch name, for example:
pack name is "MyPack" the branch name will be "MyPack".
If the branch with the name "MyPack" exists, the script return "MyPack_1".
 (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.0.0).
