
#### Playbooks

##### New: Azure - VM Instance Network Security Group Remediation

This playbook adds new Azure Network Security Group (NSG) rules to NSGs attached to a NIC. The new rules will give access only to a private IP address range and block traffic that's exposed to the public internet ([using the private IP of the VM as stated in Azure documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-network/network-security-groups-overview)). For example, if RDP is exposed to the public internet, this playbook adds new firewall rules that only allow traffic from private IP addresses and blocks the rest of the RDP traffic.

Conditions and limitations:

- Limited to one resource group.
- Identifies the NSG rule that is exposing the VM to the public internet based on IPv4/IPv6 addresses. Service tags are not supported.
- 2 priorities lower than the offending rule priority must be available.
- Adds rules to NSGs associated to NICs.

##### New: AWS - EC2 Instance Security Group Remediation

This playbook identifies the Security Group(s) used on the EC2 interface with the given public IP. It then determines which rules allow access to the interface on the given port and protocol and creates a new copy of the Security Group that has only the identified rules removed. The EC2 interface is then updated to use the modified security group(s). The original Security Groups are left unmodified so that the remediated copy is only applied to the exposed EC2 instance.

##### New: GCP - VM Instance Firewall Rule Remediation

This playbook adds new VPC Firewall rules with access only from private IP address range and blocks traffic that’s exposed to public internet. For example, if RDP is exposed this playbook adds new firewall rules that only allows traffic from private IP address and blocks rest of the RDP traffic. New Allow and Block rules created by this playbook target only the exposed asset.
