
#### Integrations

##### O365 - Security And Compliance - Content Search v2

- Adding a new authentication method to the integration: *Delegated User Authentication*. See the integration Description for more information.  
- According to [Microsoft Update](https://mc.merill.net/message/MC1131771), some of the commands in the integration are only available when using the *Delegated User Authentication* method. The commands are: **o365-sc-new-search-action**, **o365-sc-case-hold-policy-create**, **o365-sc-case-hold-policy-set**, **o365-sc-case-hold-policy-delete**, **o365-sc-case-hold-rule-create**, **o365-sc-case-hold-rule-delete**. 
- The **Export** parameter (along with its dependent parameters) has been deprecated from the **o365-sc-new-search-action** command, as per [Microsoft's update](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/blog/microsoft-security-blog/upcoming-changes-to-microsoft-purview-ediscovery/4405084).
- Deprecated the *share_point_archive_format* argument inside the **o365-sc-new-search-action** command.
- Deprecated the *scenario* argument inside the **o365-sc-new-search-action** command.
- Deprecated the *notify_email* argument inside the **o365-sc-new-search-action** command.
- Deprecated the *format* argument inside the **o365-sc-new-search-action** command.
- Deprecated the *include_sharepoint_document_versions* argument inside the **o365-sc-new-search-action** command.
- Deprecated the *scope* argument inside the **o365-sc-new-search-action** command.
- Deprecated the *notify_email_cc* argument inside the **o365-sc-new-search-action** command.
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/pwsh-exchangev3:1.0.0.4904712*.

