#### Incident Fields

##### Abnormal Security Abuse Campaign Attack Type

- Updated the Abnormal Security Abuse Campaign Attack Type incident field to be searchable.

##### Abnormal Security Abuse Campaign First Reported

- Updated the Abnormal Security Abuse Campaign First Reported incident field to be searchable.

##### Abnormal Security Abuse Campaign From Address

- Updated the Abnormal Security Abuse Campaign From Address incident field to be searchable.

##### Abnormal Security Abuse Campaign From Name

- Updated the Abnormal Security Abuse Campaign From Name incident field to be searchable.

##### Abnormal Security Abuse Campaign ID

- Updated the Abnormal Security Abuse Campaign ID incident field to be searchable.

##### Abnormal Security Abuse Campaign Judgement Status

- Updated the Abnormal Security Abuse Campaign Judgement Status incident field to be searchable.

##### Abnormal Security Abuse Campaign Last Reported

- Updated the Abnormal Security Abuse Campaign Last Reported incident field to be searchable.

##### Abnormal Security Abuse Campaign Message ID

- Updated the Abnormal Security Abuse Campaign Message ID incident field to be searchable.

##### Abnormal Security Abuse Campaign Overall Status

- Updated the Abnormal Security Abuse Campaign Overall Status incident field to be searchable.

##### Abnormal Security Abuse Campaign Recipient Address

- Updated the Abnormal Security Abuse Campaign Recipient Address incident field to be searchable.

##### Abnormal Security Abuse Campaign Recipient Name

- Updated the Abnormal Security Abuse Campaign Recipient Name incident field to be searchable.

##### Abnormal Security Abuse Campaign Subject

- Updated the Abnormal Security Abuse Campaign Subject incident field to be searchable.

##### Abnormal Security Affected Employee

- Updated the Abnormal Security Affected Employee incident field to be searchable.

##### Abnormal Security Analysis

- Updated the Abnormal Security Analysis incident field to be searchable.

##### Abnormal Security Attachment Count

- Updated the Abnormal Security Attachment Count incident field to be searchable.

##### Abnormal Security Attachment Names

- Updated the Abnormal Security Attachment Names incident field to be searchable.

##### Abnormal Security Attack Strategy

- Updated the Abnormal Security Attack Strategy incident field to be searchable.

##### Abnormal Security Attack Type

- Updated the Abnormal Security Attack Type incident field to be searchable.

##### Abnormal Security Attack Vector

- Updated the Abnormal Security Attack Vector incident field to be searchable.

##### Abnormal Security Attacked Party

- Updated the Abnormal Security Attacked Party incident field to be searchable.

##### Abnormal Security Auto Remediated

- Updated the Abnormal Security Auto Remediated incident field to be searchable.

##### Abnormal Security CC Emails

- Updated the Abnormal Security CC Emails incident field to be searchable.

##### Abnormal Security Campaign ID

- Updated the Abnormal Security Campaign ID incident field to be searchable.

##### Abnormal Security Case ID

- Updated the Abnormal Security Case ID incident field to be searchable.

##### Abnormal Security Case Status

- Updated the Abnormal Security Case Status incident field to be searchable.

##### Abnormal Security Customer Visible Time

- Updated the Abnormal Security Customer Visible Time incident field to be searchable.

##### Abnormal Security First Observed Time

- Updated the Abnormal Security First Observed Time incident field to be searchable.

##### Abnormal Security First Reported

- Updated the Abnormal Security First Reported incident field to be searchable.

##### Abnormal Security From Address

- Updated the Abnormal Security From Address incident field to be searchable.

##### Abnormal Security From Name

- Updated the Abnormal Security From Name incident field to be searchable.

##### Abnormal Security Impersonated Party

- Updated the Abnormal Security Impersonated Party incident field to be searchable.

##### Abnormal Security Internet Message ID

- Updated the Abnormal Security Internet Message ID incident field to be searchable.

##### Abnormal Security Is Read

- Updated the Abnormal Security Is Read incident field to be searchable.

##### Abnormal Security Judgement Status

- Updated the Abnormal Security Judgement Status incident field to be searchable.

##### Abnormal Security Last Reported

- Updated the Abnormal Security Last Reported incident field to be searchable.

##### Abnormal Security Message ID

- Updated the Abnormal Security Message ID incident field to be searchable.

##### Abnormal Security Overall Status

- Updated the Abnormal Security Overall Status incident field to be searchable.

##### Abnormal Security Portal URL

- Updated the Abnormal Security Portal URL incident field to be searchable.

##### Abnormal Security Post Remediated

- Updated the Abnormal Security Post Remediated incident field to be searchable.

##### Abnormal Security Received Time

- Updated the Abnormal Security Received Time incident field to be searchable.

##### Abnormal Security Recipient Address

- Updated the Abnormal Security Recipient Address incident field to be searchable.

##### Abnormal Security Recipient Name

- Updated the Abnormal Security Recipient Name incident field to be searchable.

##### Abnormal Security Remediation Status

- Updated the Abnormal Security Remediation Status incident field to be searchable.

##### Abnormal Security Remediation Timestamp

- Updated the Abnormal Security Remediation Timestamp incident field to be searchable.

##### Abnormal Security Reply To Emails

- Updated the Abnormal Security Reply To Emails incident field to be searchable.

##### Abnormal Security Return Path

- Updated the Abnormal Security Return Path incident field to be searchable.

##### Abnormal Security Sender Domain

- Updated the Abnormal Security Sender Domain incident field to be searchable.

##### Abnormal Security Sender IP Address

- Updated the Abnormal Security Sender IP Address incident field to be searchable.

##### Abnormal Security Sent Time

- Updated the Abnormal Security Sent Time incident field to be searchable.

##### Abnormal Security Severity

- Updated the Abnormal Security Severity incident field to be searchable.

##### Abnormal Security Severity Level

- Updated the Abnormal Security Severity Level incident field to be searchable.

##### Abnormal Security Subject

- Updated the Abnormal Security Subject incident field to be searchable.

##### Abnormal Security Summary Insights

- Updated the Abnormal Security Summary Insights incident field to be searchable.

##### Abnormal Security Threat ID

- Updated the Abnormal Security Threat ID incident field to be searchable.

##### Abnormal Security Threat IDs

- Updated the Abnormal Security Threat IDs incident field to be searchable.

##### Abnormal Security To Addresses

- Updated the Abnormal Security To Addresses incident field to be searchable.

##### Abnormal Security Url Count

- Updated the Abnormal Security Url Count incident field to be searchable.
#### Integrations

##### Abnormal Security Event Collector

- No changes.

