
#### Scripts
##### New: ExportToXLSX
- Export context data to an xlsx file.
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/xslxwriter:1.0.0.23657*.
##### New: CVSSCalculator
- This automation script will calculate either the CVSS v3.0 or v3.1 score, given the correct input parameters. Please refer to the [Common Vulnerability Scoring System SIG](https://www.first.org/cvss/) for information about the calculator used and the inputs required to calculate a CVSS score.
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.9.8.24399*.
##### New: GetInstances
- Manage your instances on demisto.
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.9.7.24076*.
  
##### New: GetServerURL
-  Get the URL of the Cortex XSOAR server.
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.9.7.24076*.
  
##### New: ReplaceMatchGroup
- A transformer that returns a string with all matches of a regex pattern groups replaced by a replacement
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.9.7.24076*.

##### New: BreachConfirmationHTML
- The script is used for a dynamic field in the HIPAA Breach Notification Incident layout and the US Breach Notification layout to indicate if a breach was confirmed.
_For more information, visit our [Cortex XSOAR Developer Docs](https://xsoar.pan.dev/docs)_

- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.9.7.24076*.

#### New: IncidentFields
- Added the Incident Fields. This incidents fields that are used in the compliance-related packs. _For more information, visit our [Cortex XSOAR Developer Docs](https://xsoar.pan.dev/docs)_ .
- **DPO E-mail Address**
- **Country where business has its main establishment**
- **Affected Individuals Contact Information**
- **Likely Impact**
- **Measures to Mitigate**
- **Affected Data Type**
- **State where the breach took place**
- **GDPR Notify Authorities**
- **Management Notification**
- **DPO Notification**
- **Breach Confirmation**
- **Media Notification**
- **Attorney General Notification**
- **HIPAA Notification**
- **Individuals Notification**
- **Consumer Reporting Agencies Notification**
- **Management Notification**
- **Country where the breach took place**
- **Company Country**
- **Date/time of the breach**
- **Secretary Notification**
- **Management Notification**
- **DPO Notification**
- **Media Notification**
- **Individuals Notification**