
#### Scripts
##### SearchIncidentsV2
- Added a couple of new scripts.
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.10.9.45313*.
##### New: ExportAuditLogsToFile
- Uses the Demisto REST API integration to query the server audit trail logs, and return back a CSV or JSON file. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.5.0).
##### New: SearchIndicator
- Searches Cortex XSOAR Indicators.

Search for XSOAR Indicators and returns the id, indicator_type, value, and score/verdict.

You can add additional fields from the indicators using the add_field_to_context argument. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.5.0).
##### New: ExportIndicatorsToCSV
- This automation uses the Demisto REST API Integration to batch export Indicators to CSV and return the resulting CSV file to the war room. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.5.0).
##### New: LoadJSONFileToContext
- Loads a JSON file from the war room to context. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.5.0).
##### New: ExportIncidentsToCSV
- This automation uses the Demisto REST API Integration to batch export Incidents to CSV and return the resulting CSV file to the war room. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.5.0).
##### New: MarkAsEvidenceByTag
- Mark entries as evidence if they are tagged with given tag (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.0.0).
##### New: SearchIncidentsSummary
- Searches Cortex XSOAR Incidents and returnrs the most relevant fields. Default search range is the last 30 days, if you want to change this, use the fromDate argument. 

Returns the id, name, type, severity, status, owner, and created/closed times to context.  You can add additional fields using the add_field_to_context argument.

This automation runs using the default Limited User role, unless you explicitly change the permissions.  Based on the SearchIncidentsV2 from the Common Scripts pack, but more efficient. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.0.0).
##### New: ExportContextToJSONFile
- Exports the Context for the current Incident to a JSON file in the war room. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.5.0).
##### New: GetDataCollectionLink
- Generates the URL for a Data Collection Task into Context.  Can be used to get the url for tasks send via Email, Slack, or even if you select "By Task Only".

To generate links for specific users, add an array of users in the users argument. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.5.0).