
#### Scripts

##### New: PCAPMiner

- Deprecated. Use PCAPMinerV2 instead. PCAPMiner is a tool to parse PCAP files and will return things like extracted files that are found, HTTP flows, and a variety of other information. It is uses a docker instance located on docker hub trorabaugh/dempcap:1.0.  To use simply upload a PCAP file and then run PCAPMiner entryId="<your_entry_id>". To get the entry id click on the link on the top right hand corner of a file attachment. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).
##### New: ContextContains

- This script searches for a value in a context path. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).
##### New: CloseInvestigationAsDuplicate

- Close the current investigation as duplicate to other investigation. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).
##### New: BinarySearchPy

- Deprecated. No available replacement. Search for a binary on an endpoint using Carbon Black (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).
##### New: ParseEmailFilesV2ChineseCharsFix
- test
- Parse an email from an eml or msg file and populate all relevant context data to investigate the email. Also extracts inner attachments and returns them to the war room. The incident labels themselves are preserved and not modified - only the "Label/x" context items that originated from the labels, and the best practice is to rely on these for the remainder of the playbook. This script is based on the parse-emails XSOAR python package, check the script documentation for more info (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).
