
#### Scripts

##### SearchIssuesAgentix

- Deleted the **page** argument.
- Deleted the **id** argument.
- Deleted the **trimevents** argument.
- Deleted the **todate** argument.
- Deleted the **fromdate** argument.
- Deleted the **name** argument.
- Deleted the **size** argument.
- Deleted the **query** argument.
- Deleted the **details** argument.
- Deleted the **add_fields_to_summarize_context** argument.
- Deleted the **fromduedate** argument.
- Deleted the **searchresultslabel** argument.
- Deleted the **type** argument.
- Deleted the **toduedate** argument.
- Deleted the **owner** argument.
- Deleted the **reason** argument.
- Deleted the **sort** argument.
- Deleted the **notstatus** argument.
- Deleted the **toclosedate** argument.
- Deleted the **summarizedversion** argument.
- Deleted the **fromclosedate** argument.
- Deleted the **level** argument.
- Deleted the **includeinformational** argument.
- Added support for **not_status** argument that not progress status.
- Added support for **action_process_image_sha256** argument that target process sha256 of action process image.
- Added support for **causality_actor_process_image_sha256** argument that cgo sha256 hash of causality actor process image.
- Added support for **os_actor_process_image_sha256** argument that os parent sha256 hash of the os actor process image.
- Added support for **end_time** argument that supports epoch timestamp and simplified extended iso format (yyyymmddthh:mm:ss). if start time is provided without end_time it will be from start_time until now.
- Added support for **issue_domain** argument that the domain of the issue.
- Added support for **start_time** argument that supports epoch timestamp and simplified extended iso format (yyyymmddthh:mm:ss).
- Added support for **issue_id** argument that the unique id of the issue.
- Added support for **issue_description** argument that the description of the issue.
- Added support for **action_file_macro_sha256** argument that file macro sha256 hash of the action file macro.
- Added support for **sort_order** argument that the order in which to sort the results.
- Added support for **actor_process_image_sha256** argument that initiator sha256 actor process image.
- Added support for **offset** argument that the first page from which we bring the issues.
- Added support for **sort_field** argument that the field by which to sort the results.
- Added support for **asset_ids** argument that the assets ids related to the issue.
- Added support for **issue_name** argument that the issue name.
- Added support for **severity** argument that the severity of the issue.
- Added support for **assignee** argument that the assignee of the issue.
- Added support for **issue_category** argument that the category of the issue.
- Added support for **Identity_type** argument that account type.
- Added support for **issue_source** argument that the issue source.
