
#### Scripts
##### New: IPToHost
- Try to get the hostname correlated with the input IP. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.0.0).
##### New: URLReputation
- A context script for URL entities (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.0.0).
##### New: MarkAsNoteByTag
- Mark entries as notes if they are tagged with given tag (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.0.0).
##### FormatURL
- %%Added URL Extraction from FireEye Protected URL%%
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.10.1.25933*.
##### New: PrintContext
- Pretty-print the contents of the playbook context (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.0.0).
##### New: RunDockerCommand
- This command will allow you to run commands against a local Docker Container. You can run commands like wc for instance with word count, or other types of commands that you want on the docker container. 

We recommend for tools that you want to use that are not part of the default Docker container, to cope this Automation script and then create a customer docker container with /docker_image_create with a custom docker container to add any command level tool to Demisto and output the results directly to the context. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.0.0).
##### New: URLNumberOfAds
- Fetches the numbers of ads in the given url (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.0.0).
##### New: EmailReputation
- A context script for Email entities (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.0.0).
##### New: PCAPMiner
- Deprecated. Use PCAPMinerV2 instead. PCAPMiner is a tool to parse PCAP files and will return things like extracted files that are found, HTTP flows, and a variety of other information. It is uses a docker instance located on docker hub trorabaugh/dempcap:1.0.  To use simply upload a PCAP file and then run PCAPMiner entryId="<your_entry_id>". To get the entry id click on the link on the top right hand corner of a file attachment. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.0.0).
##### New: DomainReputation
- A context script for Domain entities (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.0.0).
##### New: IsEmailAddressInternal
- Checks if the email address is part of the internal domains (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.0.0).
##### New: TextFromHTML
- Extract regular text from the given HTML (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.0.0).
##### New: SSDeepReputation
- Calculate ssdeep reputation based on similar files (by ssdeep similarity) on the system. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.0.0).
##### New: MaliciousRatioReputation
- Set indicator reputation to "suspicious" when malicious ratio is above threshold.
Malicious ratio is the ration between number of "bad" incidents to total number of incidents the indicator appears in. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.0.0).
##### New: hideFieldsOnNewIncident
- When you apply this script to an incident field, that incident field is hidden for new incidents, and it displays in edit mode. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.0.0).
##### New: Strings
- Extract strings from a file with optional filter - similar to binutils strings command (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.0.0).
##### New: StopScheduledTask
- This stops the scheduled task whose ID is given in the taskID argument. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.0.0).
##### New: FileReputation
- A context script for hash entities (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.0.0).
##### New: JoinIfSingleElementOnly
- Return the single element in case the array has only 1 element in it, otherwise return the whole array (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.0.0).
##### New: UtilAnyResults
- Utility script to use in playbooks - returns "yes" if the input is non-empty. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.0.0).
##### New: SCPPullFiles
- Take a list of devices and pull a specific file (given by path) from each using SCP (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.0.0).
##### New: SetMultipleValues
- Set multiple keys/values to the context. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.0.0).
##### New: ResolveShortenedURL
- Resolve the original URL from the given shortened URL and place it in both as output and in the context of a playbook. (https://unshorten.me/api) (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.0.0).
##### New: BinarySearchPy
- Search for a binary on an endpoint using Carbon Black (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.0.0).
##### New: CloseInvestigationAsDuplicate
- Close the current investigation as duplicate to other investigation. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.0.0).
##### New: SendEmailOnSLABreach
- Sends an email informing the user of an SLA breach. The email is sent to the user who is assigned to the incident. It includes the incident name, ID, name of the SLA field that was breached, duration of that SLA field, and the date and time when that SLA was started.
In order to run successfully, the script should be configured to trigger on SLA breach, through field edit mode. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.0.0).
##### New: PrintErrorEntry
- Prints an error entry with a given message (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.0.0).
##### New: GenerateRandomString
- Generates random string (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.0.0).
##### New: EncodeToAscii
- Input Text Data to Encode as ASCII (Ignores any chars that aren't interpreted as ASCII) (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.0.0).
##### New: ChangeRemediationSLAOnSevChange
- Changes the remediation SLA once a change in incident severity occurs.
This is done automatically and the changes can be configured to your needs. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.0.0).
##### New: DecodeMimeHeader
- Decode MIME base64 headers. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.0.0).
##### New: IsIntegrationAvailable
- Returns 'yes' if integration brand is available. Otherwise returns 'no' (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.0.0).
##### New: SetDateField
- Sets a custom incident field with current date (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.0.0).
##### New: DisplayHTML
- Display HTML in the War Room. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.0.0).
##### New: ContextContains
- This script searches for a value in a context path. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.0.0).
##### New: SetTime
- Fill the current time in a custom incident field (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.0.0).
##### New: CheckSenderDomainDistance
- Get the string distance for the sender from our domain (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.0.0).
##### New: Base64ListToFile
- Converts Base64 file in a list to a binary file and upload to warroom (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.0.0).
##### New: IPReputation
- A context script for IP entities (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.0.0).
