
#### Scripts
##### New: CloseInvestigationAsDuplicate
- Close the current investigation as duplicate to other investigation. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.5.0).
##### New: BinarySearchPy
- Deprecated. No available replacement. Search for a binary on an endpoint using Carbon Black (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.5.0).
##### New: DeleteContext-MarketplaceContribution
- Added the *keyList* argument to allow users to specify multiple keys to delete from the context

This automation runs using the default Limited User role, unless you explicitly change the permissions.
For more information, see the section about permissions here:
https://docs.paloaltonetworks.com/cortex/cortex-xsoar/6-2/cortex-xsoar-admin/playbooks/automations.html (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.5.0).
##### New: SetDateField
- Sets a custom incident field with current date (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.5.0).
##### New: PCAPMiner
- Deprecated. Use PCAPMinerV2 instead. PCAPMiner is a tool to parse PCAP files and will return things like extracted files that are found, HTTP flows, and a variety of other information. It is uses a docker instance located on docker hub trorabaugh/dempcap:1.0.  To use simply upload a PCAP file and then run PCAPMiner entryId="<your_entry_id>". To get the entry id click on the link on the top right hand corner of a file attachment. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.5.0).
##### New: RunDockerCommand
- This command will allow you to run commands against a local Docker Container. You can run commands like wc for instance with word count, or other types of commands that you want on the docker container. 

We recommend for tools that you want to use that are not part of the default Docker container, to cope this Automation script and then create a customer docker container with /docker_image_create with a custom docker container to add any command level tool to Demisto and output the results directly to the context. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.5.0).
##### New: ContextContains
- This script searches for a value in a context path. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.5.0).
