#### Mappers
##### Wiz Mapper
- Added the Incident Field **Wiz Resource Cloud ID** which has the Cloud Provider ID, whereas Wiz Resource ID has the Wiz unique ID.
- Added the Incident Field **Wiz Issue URL** with URL to Wiz Issue.
- Added the Incident Field **Wiz Projects**. This value can be empty if no Projects apply.
- Added the Incident Field **Wiz Projects Owners**. This value can be empty if no Projects apply or if no Owners were assigned.
- Added the Incident Field **Wiz Projects Security Champions**. This value can be empty if no Projects apply or if no Security Champions were assigned.

##### Wiz Mapper Webhook
- Added the Incident Field **Wiz Resource Cloud ID** which has the Cloud Provider ID, whereas Wiz Resource ID has the Wiz unique ID.
- Added support for the transformation of INFORMATIONAL incidents from 0 to 0.5.
- Added the Incident Field **Wiz Issue URL** with URL to Wiz Issue.
- Added the Incident Field **Wiz Projects**. This value can be empty if no Projects apply.
- Added the Incident Field **Wiz Projects Owners**. This value can be empty if no Projects apply or if no Owners were assigned.
- Added the Incident Field **Wiz Projects Security Champions**. This value can be empty if no Projects apply or if no Security Champions were assigned.

#### Integrations
##### Wiz
- Added the ***wiz-issue-in-progress*** command. See docs for usage.
- Added the ***wiz-reopen-issue*** command. See docs for usage.
- Added the ***wiz-reject-issue*** command. See docs for usage.
- Added the ***wiz-set-issue-note*** command. See docs for usage.
- Added the ***wiz-clear-issue-note*** command. See docs for usage.
- Added the ***wiz-get-issue-evidence*** command. See docs for usage.
- Added the ***wiz-rescan-machine-disk*** command. See docs for usage.
- Added the ***wiz-set-issue-due-date*** command. See docs for usage.
- Added the ***wiz-clear-issue-due-date*** command. See docs for usage.
- Added the ***wiz-get-project-team*** command. See docs for usage.
- Improved implementation for Demisto info logging to error in several output fields.
- Improved implementation for error handling for VM disk rescan if VM isn't found.
- Improved implementation for JSON parsing handling.


#### Incident Types
- Fixed an issue in the **Wiz Issue** for choosing the right pre-built Wiz Layout.


#### Incident Fields
- Added the **Wiz Issue URL**.
- Added the **Wiz Resource Cloud ID**.
- Added the **Wiz Resource ID**.
- Added the Incident Field **Wiz Resource Cloud ID** which has the Cloud Provider ID, whereas Wiz Resource ID has the Wiz unique ID.
- Added the **Wiz Issue Projects**.
- Added the **Wiz Project Owners**.
- Added the **Wiz Project Security Champions**.

#### Layouts
##### Wiz Layout
- Added the **Wiz Resource Cloud ID** to the Wiz Layout.
- Added the **Wiz Issue URL** to the Wiz Layout.
- Added the **Wiz Projects** to the Wiz Layout. This value can be empty if no Projects apply.
- Added the **Wiz Projects Owners** to the Wiz Layout. This value can be empty if no Projects apply or if no Owners were assigned.
- Added the **Wiz Projects Security Champions** to the Wiz Layout. This value can be empty if no Projects apply or if no Security Champions were assigned.

#### Playbooks
##### New: Assess Wiz Issues
- Added the **Assess Wiz Issues**.