Packs/Wiz/Integrations/Wiz/README.md, before:

Agentless, context-aware and full-stack security and compliance for AWS, Azure and GCP.
This integration was integrated and tested with Wiz

## Configure Wiz on Cortex XSOAR

1. Navigate to **Settings** > **Integrations** > **Servers & Services**.
2. Search for Wiz. Click **Add instance** to create and configure a new integration instance.

    | **Parameter** | **Description** | **Required** |
    | --- | --- | --- |
    | name | Integration Name. Default: `Wiz_instance_1` | True |
    | said | Service Account ID | True |
    | sasecret | Service Account Secret | True |
    | auth_endpoint | Wiz Authentication Endpoint, e.g., `https://auth.app.wiz.io/oauth/token` | True |
    | api_endpoint | Wiz API Endpoint. Default: `https://api.us1.app.wiz.io/graphql` <br /> To find your API endpoint URL: <br />1. Log in to Wiz, then open your <a href="https://app.wiz.io/user/profile">user profile</a> <br />2. Copy the **API Endpoint URL** to use here. | True
    | first_fetch | First fetch timestamp \(`<number>` `<time unit>`, e.g., 12 hours, 7 days\) | False |
    | Fetch incidents | Issue Streaming type.<br />Either `Fetch incidents` (to constantly pull Issues) or `Do not fetch` (to push live Issues)| False |
    | max_fetch | Max Issues to fetch | False |

3. Click **Test** to validate the API Endpoint, Service Account and connection.

## Commands
You can execute these commands from the Cortex XSOAR CLI, as part of an automation, or in a playbook or War Room.
After you successfully execute a command, a DBot message appears in the War Room with the command details.

### wiz-get-issue
***
Get the details for a Wiz Issue ID.

<h4> Base Command </h4>

`wiz-get-issue`

<h4> Input </h4>

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| issue_id | Issue id | Required | 

#### Command Example
```
!wiz-get-issue issue_id="12345678-1234-1234-1234-cc0a24716e0b"
```

### wiz-get-issues
***
Get the issues on cloud resources
<h4> Base Command </h4>

`wiz-get-issues`

<h4> Input </h4>

| **Argument Name** | **Description**                                                                                                                                                  | **Required** |
|-------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------| --- |
| issue_type        | The type of Issue to get<br />Expected input: `TOXIC_COMBINATION`, `THREAT_DETECTION`, `CLOUD_CONFIGURATION`.<br />The chosen type will be fetched  .            | Optional | 
| entity_type       | The type of entity to get issues for.                                                                                                                            | Optional | 
| resource_id       | Get Issues of a specific resource_id.<br />Expected input: `providerId`                                                                                          | Optional | 
| severity          | Get Issues of a specific severuty.<br />Expected input: `CRITICAL`, `HIGH`, `MEDIUM`, `LOW` or `INFORMATIONAL`.<br />The chosen severity and above will be fetched | Optional | 
*`entity_type` and `resource_id` are mutually exclusive.*

<h4> Context Output </h4>

| **Path** | **Type** | **Description** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Wiz.Manager.Issues | String | All Issues | 


#### Command Example
```
!wiz-get-issues entity_type="VIRTUAL_MACHINE"
!wiz-get-issues issue_type="THREAT_DETECTION"
!wiz-get-issues resource_id="arn:aws:ec2:us-east-2:123456789098:instance/i-0g03j4h5gd123d456"
!wiz-get-issues resource_id="arn:aws:ec2:us-east-2:123456789098:instance/i-0g03j4h5gd123d456" severity=HIGH
```

### wiz-get-resource
***
Get Details of a resource.

<h4> Base Command </h4>

`wiz-get-resource`

<h4> Input </h4>

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| resource_id | Resource provider id | Required | 


<h4> Context Output </h4>

| **Path** | **Type** | **Description** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Wiz.Manager.Resource | String | Resource details | 


#### Command Example
```
!wiz-get-resource resource_id="arn:aws:ec2:us-east-2:123456789098:instance/i-0g03j4h5gd123d456"
```

### wiz-issue-in-progress
***
Re-open an Issue.

<h4> Base Command </h4>

`wiz-issue-in-progress`

<h4> Input </h4>

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| issue_id | Issue id | Required | 


<h4> Context Output </h4>

| **Path** | **Type** | **Description** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Wiz.Manager.Issue | String | Issue details | 


#### Command Example
```
!wiz-issue-in-progress issue_id="12345678-1234-1234-1234-cc0a24716e0b"
```

### wiz-reopen-issue
***
Re-open an Issue.

<h4> Base Command </h4>

`wiz-reopen-issue`

<h4> Input </h4>

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| issue_id | Issue id | Required | 
| reopen_note | Note for re-opening Issue | Optional | 


<h4> Context Output </h4>

| **Path** | **Type** | **Description** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Wiz.Manager.Issue | String | Issue details | 


#### Command Example
```
!wiz-reopen-issue issue_id="12345678-1234-1234-1234-cc0a24716e0b" reopen-note="still an issue"
```

### wiz-reject-issue
***
Re-open an Issue.

<h4> Base Command </h4>

`wiz-reject-issue`

<h4> Input </h4>

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| issue_id | Issue id | Required | 
| reject_reason | Note for re-opening Issue<br />Accepted values: `WONT_FIX`, `FALSE_POSITIVE` and `REJECTED`. | Required | 
| reject_note | Note for re-opening Issue | Required | 


<h4> Context Output </h4>

| **Path** | **Type** | **Description** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Wiz.Manager.Issue | String | Issue details | 


#### Command Example
```
!wiz-reject-issue issue_id="12345678-1234-1234-1234-cc0a24716e0b" reject_reason="WONT_FIX" reject_note="this is by design"
```

### wiz-resolve-issue
***
Resolve a Threat Detection Issue.

<h4> Base Command </h4>

`wiz-resolve-issue`

<h4> Input </h4>

| **Argument Name** | **Description**                                 | **Required** |
|-------------------|-------------------------------------------------| --- |
| issue_id          | Issue id                                        | Required | 
| resolution_reason | Issue resolution reason                         | Required | 
| resolution_note   | Note to explain why the Issue has been resolved | Required | 


<h4> Context Output </h4>

| **Path** | **Type** | **Description** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Wiz.Manager.Issue | String | Issue details | 


#### Command Example
```
!wiz-resolve-issue issue_id="12345678-1234-1234-1234-cc0a24716e0b" resolution_note="won't fix this issue as this is low priority" resolution_reason="WONT_FIX"
```

### wiz-set-issue-note
***
Set (append) a note to an Issue.

<h4> Base Command </h4>

`wiz-set-issue-note`

<h4> Input </h4>

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| issue_id | Issue id | Required | 
| reject_note | Note for the Issue. Will be appeneded to existing one. | Required | 

#### Command Example
```
!wiz-set-issue-note issue_id="12345678-1234-1234-1234-cc0a24716e0b" note="Checking with owner"
```

### wiz-clear-issue-note
***
Clears a note from an Issue.

<h4> Base Command </h4>

`wiz-clear-issue-note`

<h4> Input </h4>

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| issue_id | Issue id | Required | 

#### Command Example
```
!wiz-clear-issue-note issue_id="12345678-1234-1234-1234-cc0a24716e0b"
```

### wiz-get-issue-evidence
***
Get the evidence from an Issue.

<h4> Base Command </h4>

`wiz-get-issue-evidence`

<h4> Input </h4>

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| issue_id | Issue id | Required |

#### Command Example
```
!wiz-get-issue-evidence issue_id="12345678-1234-1234-1234-cc0a24716e0b"
```

### wiz-rescan-machine-disk
***
Deprecated

### wiz-set-issue-due-date
***
Set a due date for an Issue.

<h4> Base Command </h4>

`wiz-set-issue-due-date`

<h4> Input </h4>

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| issue_id | Issue id | Required | 
| due_at | Due At Date | Required | 

#### Command Example
```
!wiz-set-issue-due-date issue_id="12345678-1234-1234-1234-cc0a24716e0b" due_at="2022-01-20"
```

### wiz-clear-issue-due-date
***
Clear a due date for an Issue.

<h4> Base Command </h4>

`wiz-clear-issue-due-date`

<h4> Input </h4>

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| issue_id | Issue id | Required | 

#### Command Example
```
!wiz-clear-issue-due-date issue_id="12345678-1234-1234-1234-cc0a24716e0b"
```

### wiz-get-project-team
***
Clear a due date for an Issue.

<h4> Base Command </h4>

`wiz-get-project-team`

<h4> Input </h4>

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| project_name | Project Name | Required | 

#### Command Example
```
!wiz-get-project-team project_name="project1"
```

### wiz-copy-to-forensics-account
***
Copy VM's Volumes to a Forensics Account

<h4> Base Command </h4>

`wiz-copy-to-forensics-account`

<h4> Input </h4>

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- |-----------------| --- |
| resource_id | Resource Id     | Required | 

#### Command Example
```
!wiz-copy-to-forensics-account resource_id="12345678-1234-1234-1234-cc0a24716e0b"
!wiz-copy-to-forensics-account resource_id="arn:aws:ec2:us-east-1:123455563321:instance/i-05r662bfb9708a4e8"
```

Commit message:

added resource name filter to get resource command

Packs/Wiz/Integrations/Wiz/README.md, after:

Agentless, context-aware and full-stack security and compliance for AWS, Azure and GCP.
This integration was integrated and tested with Wiz

## Configure Wiz on Cortex XSOAR

1. Navigate to **Settings** > **Integrations** > **Servers & Services**.
2. Search for Wiz. Click **Add instance** to create and configure a new integration instance.

    | **Parameter** | **Description** | **Required** |
    | --- | --- | --- |
    | name | Integration Name. Default: `Wiz_instance_1` | True |
    | said | Service Account ID | True |
    | sasecret | Service Account Secret | True |
    | auth_endpoint | Wiz Authentication Endpoint, e.g., `https://auth.app.wiz.io/oauth/token` | True |
    | api_endpoint | Wiz API Endpoint. Default: `https://api.us1.app.wiz.io/graphql` <br /> To find your API endpoint URL: <br />1. Log in to Wiz, then open your <a href="https://app.wiz.io/user/profile">user profile</a> <br />2. Copy the **API Endpoint URL** to use here. | True
    | first_fetch | First fetch timestamp \(`<number>` `<time unit>`, e.g., 12 hours, 7 days\) | False |
    | Fetch incidents | Issue Streaming type.<br />Either `Fetch incidents` (to constantly pull Issues) or `Do not fetch` (to push live Issues)| False |
    | max_fetch | Max Issues to fetch | False |

3. Click **Test** to validate the API Endpoint, Service Account and connection.

## Commands
You can execute these commands from the Cortex XSOAR CLI, as part of an automation, or in a playbook or War Room.
After you successfully execute a command, a DBot message appears in the War Room with the command details.

### wiz-get-issue
***
Get the details for a Wiz Issue ID.

<h4> Base Command </h4>

`wiz-get-issue`

<h4> Input </h4>

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| issue_id | Issue id | Required | 

#### Command Example
```
!wiz-get-issue issue_id="12345678-1234-1234-1234-cc0a24716e0b"
```

### wiz-get-issues
***
Get the issues on cloud resources. Limited to 500 results.
<h4> Base Command </h4>

`wiz-get-issues`

<h4> Input </h4>

| **Argument Name** | **Description**                                                                                                                                                  | **Required** |
|-------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------| --- |
| issue_type        | The type of Issue to get<br />Expected input: `TOXIC_COMBINATION`, `THREAT_DETECTION`, `CLOUD_CONFIGURATION`.<br />The chosen type will be fetched  .            | Optional | 
| entity_type       | The type of entity to get issues for.                                                                                                                            | Optional | 
| resource_id       | Get Issues of a specific resource_id.<br />Expected input: `providerId`                                                                                          | Optional | 
| severity          | Get Issues of a specific severuty.<br />Expected input: `CRITICAL`, `HIGH`, `MEDIUM`, `LOW` or `INFORMATIONAL`.<br />The chosen severity and above will be fetched | Optional | 
*`entity_type` and `resource_id` are mutually exclusive.*

<h4> Context Output </h4>

| **Path** | **Type** | **Description** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Wiz.Manager.Issues | String | All Issues | 


#### Command Example
```
!wiz-get-issues entity_type="VIRTUAL_MACHINE"
!wiz-get-issues issue_type="THREAT_DETECTION"
!wiz-get-issues resource_id="arn:aws:ec2:us-east-2:123456789098:instance/i-0g03j4h5gd123d456"
!wiz-get-issues resource_id="arn:aws:ec2:us-east-2:123456789098:instance/i-0g03j4h5gd123d456" severity=HIGH
```

### wiz-get-resource
***
Get Details of a resource. You should pass exactly one of `resource_id`, `resource_name`.
When searching by name, results are limited to 500 records.

<h4> Base Command </h4>

`wiz-get-resource`

<h4> Input </h4>

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
|-------------------| --- |--------------|
| resource_id       | Resource provider id | optional     | 
| resource_name     | search by name or external ID | optional     | 


<h4> Context Output </h4>

| **Path** | **Type** | **Description** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Wiz.Manager.Resource | String | Resource details | 


#### Command Example
```
!wiz-get-resource resource_id="arn:aws:ec2:us-east-2:123456789098:instance/i-0g03j4h5gd123d456"
!wiz-get-resource resource_name="i-0g03j4h5gd123d456"
!wiz-get-resource resource_name="test_vm"
```

### wiz-issue-in-progress
***
Re-open an Issue.

<h4> Base Command </h4>

`wiz-issue-in-progress`

<h4> Input </h4>

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| issue_id | Issue id | Required | 


<h4> Context Output </h4>

| **Path** | **Type** | **Description** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Wiz.Manager.Issue | String | Issue details | 


#### Command Example
```
!wiz-issue-in-progress issue_id="12345678-1234-1234-1234-cc0a24716e0b"
```

### wiz-reopen-issue
***
Re-open an Issue.

<h4> Base Command </h4>

`wiz-reopen-issue`

<h4> Input </h4>

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| issue_id | Issue id | Required | 
| reopen_note | Note for re-opening Issue | Optional | 


<h4> Context Output </h4>

| **Path** | **Type** | **Description** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Wiz.Manager.Issue | String | Issue details | 


#### Command Example
```
!wiz-reopen-issue issue_id="12345678-1234-1234-1234-cc0a24716e0b" reopen-note="still an issue"
```

### wiz-reject-issue
***
Re-open an Issue.

<h4> Base Command </h4>

`wiz-reject-issue`

<h4> Input </h4>

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| issue_id | Issue id | Required | 
| reject_reason | Note for re-opening Issue<br />Accepted values: `WONT_FIX`, `FALSE_POSITIVE` and `REJECTED`. | Required | 
| reject_note | Note for re-opening Issue | Required | 


<h4> Context Output </h4>

| **Path** | **Type** | **Description** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Wiz.Manager.Issue | String | Issue details | 


#### Command Example
```
!wiz-reject-issue issue_id="12345678-1234-1234-1234-cc0a24716e0b" reject_reason="WONT_FIX" reject_note="this is by design"
```

### wiz-resolve-issue
***
Resolve a Threat Detection Issue.

<h4> Base Command </h4>

`wiz-resolve-issue`

<h4> Input </h4>

| **Argument Name** | **Description**                                 | **Required** |
|-------------------|-------------------------------------------------| --- |
| issue_id          | Issue id                                        | Required | 
| resolution_reason | Issue resolution reason                         | Required | 
| resolution_note   | Note to explain why the Issue has been resolved | Required | 


<h4> Context Output </h4>

| **Path** | **Type** | **Description** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Wiz.Manager.Issue | String | Issue details | 


#### Command Example
```
!wiz-resolve-issue issue_id="12345678-1234-1234-1234-cc0a24716e0b" resolution_note="won't fix this issue as this is low priority" resolution_reason="WONT_FIX"
```

### wiz-set-issue-note
***
Set (append) a note to an Issue.

<h4> Base Command </h4>

`wiz-set-issue-note`

<h4> Input </h4>

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| issue_id | Issue id | Required | 
| reject_note | Note for the Issue. Will be appeneded to existing one. | Required | 

#### Command Example
```
!wiz-set-issue-note issue_id="12345678-1234-1234-1234-cc0a24716e0b" note="Checking with owner"
```

### wiz-clear-issue-note
***
Clears a note from an Issue.

<h4> Base Command </h4>

`wiz-clear-issue-note`

<h4> Input </h4>

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| issue_id | Issue id | Required | 

#### Command Example
```
!wiz-clear-issue-note issue_id="12345678-1234-1234-1234-cc0a24716e0b"
```

### wiz-get-issue-evidence
***
Get the evidence from an Issue.

<h4> Base Command </h4>

`wiz-get-issue-evidence`

<h4> Input </h4>

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| issue_id | Issue id | Required |

#### Command Example
```
!wiz-get-issue-evidence issue_id="12345678-1234-1234-1234-cc0a24716e0b"
```

### wiz-rescan-machine-disk
***
Deprecated

### wiz-set-issue-due-date
***
Set a due date for an Issue.

<h4> Base Command </h4>

`wiz-set-issue-due-date`

<h4> Input </h4>

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| issue_id | Issue id | Required | 
| due_at | Due At Date | Required | 

#### Command Example
```
!wiz-set-issue-due-date issue_id="12345678-1234-1234-1234-cc0a24716e0b" due_at="2022-01-20"
```

### wiz-clear-issue-due-date
***
Clear a due date for an Issue.

<h4> Base Command </h4>

`wiz-clear-issue-due-date`

<h4> Input </h4>

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| issue_id | Issue id | Required | 

#### Command Example
```
!wiz-clear-issue-due-date issue_id="12345678-1234-1234-1234-cc0a24716e0b"
```

### wiz-get-project-team
***
Clear a due date for an Issue.

<h4> Base Command </h4>

`wiz-get-project-team`

<h4> Input </h4>

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| project_name | Project Name | Required | 

#### Command Example
```
!wiz-get-project-team project_name="project1"
```

### wiz-copy-to-forensics-account
***
Copy VM's Volumes to a Forensics Account

<h4> Base Command </h4>

`wiz-copy-to-forensics-account`

<h4> Input </h4>

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- |-----------------| --- |
| resource_id | Resource Id     | Required | 

#### Command Example
```
!wiz-copy-to-forensics-account resource_id="12345678-1234-1234-1234-cc0a24716e0b"
!wiz-copy-to-forensics-account resource_id="arn:aws:ec2:us-east-1:123455563321:instance/i-05r662bfb9708a4e8"
```
