
#### Integrations
##### RSA Archer v2
Domain authentication has been added
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.10.1.25933*.

#### Scripts
##### New: ArcherUpdateSecurityIncident
- This script is used to simplify the process of updating a new record in Archer. You can add fields that you want in the record as script arguments and or in the code and have a newly created record easily.

This automation fields are currently used for Archer application 75 (Security Incidents) but can be altered to any other application by modifying the fields in the code. 

Please note that if you will change it to work with another application some of the argument defined fields might need to be changed as they belong to application 75.
Another option would be to duplicate this script and adjust it to the new application Id (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.0.0).
##### New: RSAArcherManualFetch
- This automation creates new incidents from RSA Archer.  (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.0.0).
##### New: ArcherCreateSecurityIncident
- This script is used to simplify the process of creating a new record in Archer. You can add fields that you want in the record as script arguments and or in the code and have a newly created record easily.

This automation is currently used for Archer application 75 (Security Incidents) but can be altered to any other application by entering another application Id as input and or modifying the default ApplicationId value in the arguments. 
Another option would be to duplicate this script and adjust it to the new application Id.

Please note that if you will change it to work with another application some of the argument defined fields might need to be changed as they belong to application 75. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.0.0).
