#### Playbooks

##### Detonate File From URL - WildFire

- Deprecated. Use Detonate File From URL - WildFire v2 instead.

##### New: Detonate File From URL - WildFire v2

- New: Detonate one or more files using the Wildfire v2 integration. This playbook returns relevant reports to the War Room and file reputations to the context data.
The detonation supports the following file types -
APK, JAR, DOC, DOCX, RTF, XLS, XLSX, PPT, PPTX, XML, PE32, PDF, DMG, PKG, RAR, 7Z.

- v2 playbook features polling at the integration level, instead of using the GenericPolling playbook.

##### Detonate URL - WildFire v2.1

- Deprecated. Use Detonate URL - WildFire v2.2 instead.

##### New: Detonate URL - WildFire v2.2

- New: Detonate a webpage or remote file using the WildFire v2 integration. This playbook returns relevant reports to the War Room and file reputations to the context data.
The detonation supports the following file types:
APK, JAR, DOC, DOCX, RTF, OOXLS, XLSX, PPT, PPTX, XML, PE32, PDF, DMG, PKG, RAR, 7Z, JS.

- v2.2 playbook features polling at the integration level, instead of using the GenericPolling playbook.

##### Detonate URL - WildFire-v2

- Deprecated. Use Detonate URL - WildFire v2.2 instead.

##### WildFire - Detonate file

- Deprecated. Use WildFire - Detonate file v2 instead.

##### New: WildFire - Detonate file v2

- New: Detonate one or more files using the Wildfire v2 integration. This playbook
returns relevant reports to the War Room and file reputations to the context data.
The detonation supports the following file types -
APK, JAR, DOC, DOCX, RTF, XLS, XLSX, PPT, PPTX, OOXML, PE32, PE, PDF, DMG, PKG, RAR, 7Z, JS, ELF, HTA, LNK, VBS, PS1, PERL, PYTHON, SHELL.

Note: Base64 encoded files are currently not supported.

- v2 playbook features polling at the integration level, instead of using the GenericPolling playbook.