
#### Dashboards
##### Sixgill Darkfeed
- Providing high level analytics and segmentations of Darkfeed™ IOCs and the context in which they were detected.

#### Integrations
##### Sixgill DarkFeed™ Threat Intelligence
- New custom Sixgill fields added to the IOCs, providing greater context into where the IOCs were shared and by whom.

#### Playbooks
##### Darkfeed - malware download from feed
- Set this playbook as an automated job in order to automatically download malware from new Darkfeed IOCs and run them through the "Darkfeed IOC detonation and proactive blocking" playbook.
##### Darkfeed IOC detonation and proactive blocking
- Download malicious files from a Darkfeed IOC, detonate them in automated sandboxes, and extract and block any additional indicators and files.
##### Darkfeed Threat hunting-research
- Automatically discover and enrich indicators with the same actor and source as the triggering IOC. Search for and isolate any compromised endpoints and proactively block IOCs from entering your network.

#### Widgets
##### Sixgill Darkfeed - Threads from the Underground
- Highlighting IOC-related conversations from the cyber underground.
##### Sixgill Darkfeed Indicators by Type
- Segmenting Darkfeed™ IOCs by type (URL, Domain, File, IP)
##### Sixgill Darkfeed - Subfeed Composition
- Displaying the segmentation of the Darkfeed™ into the various Subfeeds.
##### Sixgill Darkfeed - Collected IOCs
- Overall line chart of number of IOCs detected daily.
##### Sixgill Mitre ATT&CK Techniques
- Segmentation of the Darkfeed™ by Mitre ATT&CK techniques.
##### Sixgill Darkfeed - Mitre ATT&CK Tactics
- Segmentation of the Darkfeed™ by Mitre ATT&CK Tactics.
##### Sixgill Darkfeed - Top 10 Threat Actors
- The top ten threat actors who posted the largest number of Darkfeed™ IOCs.
##### Sixgill Darkfeed IOC detection rate by Virus Total
- The detection rate of Darkfeed™ IOCs in Virus total.

#### Script
##### SearchIndicators
- Search indicator based on query
