
#### Integrations

##### Microsoft Defender for Endpoint

###### Deprecating the following commands that use an endpoint that has been deprecated by Microsoft. See the integration documentation for more details:

- Command ***microsoft-atp-get-alert-related-files (Deprecated)*** is deprecated. An alternative is the 'msg-get-alert-details' command in the 'Microsoft Graph Security' integration, which can retrieve `fileDetails` as part of the alert details.
  
- Command ***microsoft-atp-get-alert-related-domains (Deprecated)*** is deprecated.  An alternative is to use the 'msg-get-alert-details' command in the 'Microsoft Graph Security' integration to retrieve `DomainName` as part of the alert details.
  
- Command ***microsoft-atp-list-alerts (Deprecated)*** is deprecated. Use the 'msg-search-alerts' command in the 'Microsoft Graph Security' integration instead.

- Command ***microsoft-atp-create-alert (Deprecated)*** is deprecated. No available replacement.

- Command ***microsoft-atp-get-ip-alerts (Deprecated)*** is deprecated. No available replacement.

- Command ***microsoft-atp-get-user-alerts (Deprecated)*** is deprecated. No available replacement.

- Command ***microsoft-atp-get-alert-by-id (Deprecated)*** is deprecated. Use 'msg-get-alert-details' in the 'Microsoft Graph Security' integration instead.

- Command ***microsoft-atp-get-machine-alerts (Deprecated)*** is deprecated. No available replacement.

- Command ***microsoft-atp-get-domain-alerts (Deprecated)*** is deprecated. No available replacement.

- Command ***microsoft-atp-update-alert (Deprecated)*** is deprecated. Use the 'msg-update-alert' command in the 'Microsoft Graph Security' integration instead.

- Command ***microsoft-atp-get-file-alerts (Deprecated)*** is deprecated. No available replacement.

- Command ***microsoft-atp-advanced-hunting (Deprecated)*** is deprecated. Use the 'msg-advanced-hunting' command in the 'Microsoft Graph Security' integration instead.

- Command ***microsoft-atp-get-alert-related-user (Deprecated)*** is deprecated. An alternative is to use the 'msg-get-alert-details' command in the 'Microsoft Graph Security' integration, which can retrieve `userAccount` information as part of the alert details.

- Command ***microsoft-atp-get-alert-related-ips (Deprecated)*** is deprecated. An alternative is to use the 'msg-get-alert-details' command in the 'Microsoft Graph Security' integration, which can retrieve `userAccount` information as part of the alert details.


##### Microsoft Defender for Endpoint Alerts (Deprecated)

- Deprecated. Use 'Office 365' in the XSIAM Data Sources instead. See the integration documentation for more details.
