Packs/Workday/Integrations/WorkdaySignOnEventCollector/README.md, before:

Use the Workday Sign On Event Collector integration to get sign on logs from Workday.
This integration was integrated and tested with version v37.0 of Workday Sign On Event Collector.

## Configure Workday Sign On Event Collector in Cortex


| **Parameter**                                     | **Description** | **Required** |
|---------------------------------------------------| --- | --- |
| Server URL (e.g., https://services1.myworkday.com) | API Endpoint of Workday server. Can be obtained from View API Clients report in Workday application. | True |
| Tenant Name                                       | The name of the Workday Tenant. Can be obtained from View API Clients report in Workday application. | True |
| Username                                          |  | True |
| Password                                          |  | True |
| Trust any certificate (not secure)                |  | False |
| Use system proxy settings                         |  | False |
| Max events per fetch                              | The maximum number of sign on events to retrieve. Large amount of events may cause performance issues. | False |
| Events Fetch Interval                             |  | False |


## Commands

You can execute these commands from the CLI, as part of an automation, or in a playbook.
After you successfully execute a command, a DBot message appears in the War Room with the command details.

### workday-get-sign-on-events

***
Returns sign on events extracted from Workday. This command is used for developing/debugging and is to be used with caution, as it can create events, leading to events duplication and exceeding the API request limitation.

#### Base Command

`workday-get-sign-on-events`

#### Input

| **Argument Name**  | **Description**                                                                                                                                                                                      | **Required** |
|--------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------|
| should_push_events | Set this argument to True in order to create events, otherwise the command will only display them. Possible values are: True, False. Default is False.                                               | Required     | 
| limit              | The maximum number of events to return. Default is 1000.                                                                                                                                             | Optional     | 
| from_date          | The date and time of the earliest event. The default timezone is UTC/GMT. The time format is "{yyyy}-{mm}-{dd}T{hh}:{mm}:{ss}Z". Example: "2021-05-18T13:45:14Z" indicates May 18, 2021, 1:45PM UTC. | Optional     | 
| to_date            | The time format is "{yyyy}-{mm}-{dd}T{hh}:{mm}:{ss}Z". Example: "2021-05-18T13:45:14Z" indicates May 18, 2021, 1:45PM UTC.                                                                           | Optional     | 
| relative_from_date | The query from date, for example, "5 minutes". Be advised, it is strongly suggested to keep this parameter limited in time.                                                                          | Optional     | 

#### Context Output

There is no context output for this command.

Commit message:

Added the api_version param to support multiple customer tenant versions in Workday.

Packs/Workday/Integrations/WorkdaySignOnEventCollector/README.md, after:

Use the Workday Sign On Event Collector integration to get sign on logs from Workday.
This integration was integrated and tested with version v37.0 of Workday Sign On Event Collector.

## Configure Workday Sign On Event Collector in Cortex


| **Parameter**                                      | **Description** | **Required** |
|----------------------------------------------------| --- |--------------|
| Server URL (e.g., https://services1.myworkday.com) | API Endpoint of Workday server. Can be obtained from View API Clients report in Workday application. | True         |
| Tenant Name                                        | The name of the Workday Tenant. Can be obtained from View API Clients report in Workday application. | True         |
| API Version                                        | Some tenants may be using different API versions. Check in your Workday tenant to determine the version to use. Default is v40.0. | False        |
| Username                                           |  | True         |
| Password                                           |  | True         |
| Trust any certificate (not secure)                 |  | False        |
| Use system proxy settings                          |  | False        |
| Max events per fetch                               | The maximum number of sign on events to retrieve. Large amount of events may cause performance issues. | False        |
| Events Fetch Interval                              |  | False        |


## Commands

You can execute these commands from the CLI, as part of an automation, or in a playbook.
After you successfully execute a command, a DBot message appears in the War Room with the command details.

### workday-get-sign-on-events

***
Returns sign on events extracted from Workday. This command is used for developing/debugging and is to be used with caution, as it can create events, leading to events duplication and exceeding the API request limitation.

#### Base Command

`workday-get-sign-on-events`

#### Input

| **Argument Name**  | **Description**                                                                                                                                                                                      | **Required** |
|--------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------|
| should_push_events | Set this argument to True in order to create events, otherwise the command will only display them. Possible values are: True, False. Default is False.                                               | Required     | 
| limit              | The maximum number of events to return. Default is 1000.                                                                                                                                             | Optional     | 
| from_date          | The date and time of the earliest event. The default timezone is UTC/GMT. The time format is "{yyyy}-{mm}-{dd}T{hh}:{mm}:{ss}Z". Example: "2021-05-18T13:45:14Z" indicates May 18, 2021, 1:45PM UTC. | Optional     | 
| to_date            | The time format is "{yyyy}-{mm}-{dd}T{hh}:{mm}:{ss}Z". Example: "2021-05-18T13:45:14Z" indicates May 18, 2021, 1:45PM UTC.                                                                           | Optional     | 
| relative_from_date | The query from date, for example, "5 minutes". Be advised, it is strongly suggested to keep this parameter limited in time.                                                                          | Optional     | 

#### Context Output

There is no context output for this command.
