
#### Incident Fields
- **Phishing BCL Score**
- **Phishing PCL Score**
- **Phishing SCL Score**

#### Layouts
##### Phishing Incident
- Adding PCL, BCL and SCL fields to the "Investigation" tab.

#### Playbooks
##### Phishing Investigation - Generic v2
- Use the "Process Microsoft's Anti-Spam Headers" sub-playbook in order to assess PCL/SCL/BCL scores.
##### New: Process Microsoft's Anti-Spam Headers
- This playbook will store SCL, BCL and PCL scores (if exist) to the associated incident fields (Phishing SCL Score, Phishing PCL Score, Phishing BCL Score).
It will also do the following:
1) Set the email classification to "spam" if the "SCL" score is equal or higher than 5.
2) Set the incident severity according to the playbook inputs (default is: PCL/BCL - Medium, SCL - Low). The severity of the incident will be set only when one (or more) of these cases occurred:
- PCL (Phishing Confidence Level) score is between 4-8: The message content is likely to be phishing.
- BCL (Bulk complaint level) score is above 4 -  4-7: The message is from a bulk sender that generates a mixed number of complaints. 8-9: The message is from a bulk sender that generates a high number of complaints.
- SCL (Spam confidence level) score is above 5 - 5-6: Spam filtering marked the message as Spam. 9: Spam filtering marked the message as High confidence spam)

For further information on SCL/BCL/PCL, please review these documentations from Microsoft:

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/security/office-365-security/spam-confidence-levels?view=o365-worldwide

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/security/office-365-security/bulk-complaint-level-values?view=o365-worldwide

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/exchange/antispam-and-antimalware/antispam-protection/antispam-stamps?view=exchserver-2019 (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.0.0).
