
#### Incident Fields
- **Email Recipients Count** - Was added due to a wrong filed type on "Email To Count". This filed is configured as "Number" and not "Short Text"
- **Reported Email From** - The email address of the sender in a reported (forwarded or attached) phishing email.
- **Reported Email Subject** - The subject of a reported (forwarded or attached) phishing email.
- **Reported Email CC** - The CC value of a reported (forwarded or attached) phishing email.
- **Reported Email Origin** - The origin of the reported (phishing) email. "Attached" - The email was attached originally, "Retrieved" - The email was retrieved during the playbook run", "None" - The email wasn't attached or retrieved.
- **Reported Email To** - The email address of the recipient in a reported (forwarded or attached) phishing email.

#### Incident Types
- **Phishing**:
  - Changing the "On incident creation" under the "Indicators Extraction Rules" to "Inline". This will extract indicators when the incident is created.
  - **BRAKING CHANGE** Setting the default playbook to "Phishing - Generic v3".

#### Layouts
##### Phishing Incident
- Adding and replacing fields under "Email Basic Information" - this will help with understanding whether the email was forwarded or attached.

#### Playbooks
##### Process Email - Generic v2
- Adding new fields to "Display email information in layout (HeadersMap)" task.
- Adding tasks to save the value of `reportedemailorigin` incident field (determined by the playbook flow).
- Adding sections tasks for a better visibility.

##### New: Phishing - Generic v3
- Use this playbook to investigate and remediate a potential phishing incident. The playbook simultaneously engages with the user that triggered the incident, while investigating the incident itself.

The final remediation tasks are always decided by a human analyst. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.1.0).

Main additions to this version:
1) Changing all labels to incident fields
2) Use "Process Email - Generic v2" (replaces the older version)
3) Adding "Detonate URL - Generic" playbook
##### Get Original Email - EWS
- Minor typo fix on the description of the task "Was a matching email found?"
##### New: Phishing - Core v2
- Provides a basic response to phishing incidents. Playbook features:
- Calculates reputation for all indicators
- Extracts indicators from email attachments
- Calculates severity for the incident based on indicator reputation
- Updates reporting user about investigation status
- Allows manual remediation of the incident

The differences between this playbook and the older version are:
  1) This playbook uses incident fields instead of labels
  2) This playbook uses the "Process Email - Core v2" playbook  (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.0.0).
##### New: Process Email - Core v2
- Add email details to the relevant context entities and handle the case where original emails are attached. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.0.0).

The differences between this playbook and the older version are:
  1) This playbook uses incident fields instead of labels
  2) New fields are set to be displayed in the layout
#### Process Microsoft's Anti-Spam Headers
- Added a fix for duplicated headers.
#### Get Original Email - Generic v2
- Added EWSO365 support - changing input description and relevant integration check.