
#### Incident Fields
Added the following new incident fields:
- **Total Malicious URLs Clicks**
- **Malicious URL Viewed**
- **Malicious URL Clicked**
- **Clicked URLs**

#### Playbooks
##### Phishing - Generic v3
Added a new branch named *Email Indicators Hunting* under the *Investigation* flow in the playbook. Supports hunting of emails containing malicious indicators and optionally creating new incidents for each email found. Currently, only Microsoft 365 Defender "Advanced Hunting" is supported in the hunting process. It also provides data on malicious URL clicks which is added to the layout. In addition, it will be possible to determine the BCCs if any exist. (Available from version 6.8.0).

##### New: Phishing - Get Original Email Loop
When the **Get Original Email - Generic v2** playbook is looped, there is no actual way to distinguish which retrieved file is related to which Message-ID. In order to solve this issue, this playbook will be looped instead and will output the "FileAssociation" key with the File-MessageID association. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).
##### New: Phishing - Create New Incident
This playbook takes arguments that will be used in order to create a new phishing incident. It is needed for scenarios such as creating several incidents based on values stored in the context. In such scenarios, the playbook can be looped. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).
##### New: Phishing - Handle Microsoft 365 Defender Results
This playbook is used to handle the results from the **Microsoft 365 Defender - Threat Hunting Generic** playbook inside a phishing incident. It will perform the following actions:
1. Set the relevant incident fields based on the results, such as **Clicked URLs**, **Malicious URL Viewed**, and **Malicious URL Clicked**.
2. In case the relevant playbook inputs were configured, it will create new incidents for each email returned in the results. First, it will try to retrieve to original emails' files and then it will create an incident for each retrieved email.
3. Link the newly created incidents to the main originating incident.

Note that this playbook should only be used inside a phishing incident and not as a main playbook. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).
##### New: Phishing - Indicators Hunting
Hunt indicators related to phishing with available integrations and handle the results. Handling the results will include setting relevant incident fields which will be displayed in the layout and optionally, opening new incidents according to the findings.
Current integration in this playbook:
- Microsoft 365 Defender (using "Advanced Hunting")

Note that this playbook should be used as a sub-playbook inside a phishing incident and not as a main playbook.
 (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).
##### New: Phishing - Search Related Incidents (Defender 365)
This playbook should only be used as a sub-playbook inside the **Phishing - Handle Microsoft 365 Defender Results** playbook.
It searches through existing Cortex XSOAR incidents based on retrieved email message IDs and returns data only for emails that are not found in existing incidents. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).

#### Layouts
##### Phishing Incident v3
- Added the *Malicious Clicked URLs information* section under the *Investigation* tab. In case there were URLs in the email with a score of 3 or above that the user clicked for the email investigated in this incident, they will appear in the **Clicked URLs** table. **Total Malicious URLs Clicks** represents the number of clicks in all emails (other emails as well) associated with any of the malicious URLs found in this email. **Malicious URL Viewed** will be **True** if the click was allowed or the user clicked through, in case it was blocked.
- Added the **ListenerMailbox** playbook input. In case it is provided, it will be excluded from the hunting results. In case the value of this input is empty, the value of the *Email To* incident field will be automatically used as the listener mailbox.
