#### Incident Fields
##### Select Campaign Incidents
- Fixed a bug that caused the field to reference non-existing scripts and prevented the user from selecting incidents.


#### Incident Types
##### New: Phishing Campaign
- Added a new incident type for phishing campaigns (available from Cortex XSOAR version 6.0.0).


#### Layouts
##### New: Phishing Campaign
- Added a new layout for managing phishing campaigns (available from Cortex XSOAR version 6.0.0).


#### Playbooks
##### New: Detect & Manage Phishing Campaigns
- This playbook is used to find, create and manage phishing campaigns. When a number of similar phishing incidents exist in the system, the playbook can be used to do the following:
1. Find and link related incidents to the same phishing attack (a phishing campaign).
2. Search for an existing Phishing Campaign incident or create a new incident for the related Phishing incidents.
3. Link all detected phishing incidents to the Phishing Campaign incident that was found or created previously.
4. Update the Phishing Campaign incident with the latest data about the campaign, and update all related phishing incidents to indicate that they are part of the campaign. (Available from Cortex XSOAR version 6.0.0).


#### Scripts
##### New: ShowCampaignHighestSeverity
- Displays the highest severity among the incidents that make up the phishing campaign (available from Cortex XSOAR version 6.0.0).

##### New: ShowCampaignUniqueRecipients
- Displays the number of unique recipients of an email campaign (available from Cortex XSOAR version 6.0.0).

##### New: ShowCampaignUniqueSenders
- Displays the number of unique senders of an email campaign (available from Cortex XSOAR version 6.0.0).

##### New: ShowNumberOfCampaignIncidents
- Displays the number of phishing incidents that make up the phishing campaign. (available from Cortex XSOAR version 6.0.0).
