
#### Scripts

##### GetCampaignIncidentsInfo

- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.10.13.84405*.
- Documentation and metadata improvements.

##### ShowCampaignIncidentsOwners

- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.10.13.84405*.
- Fixed an issue where the `Incident Owners` section raised an error when no incidents were present in the context data.

##### ShowCampaignLastIncidentOccurred

- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.10.13.84405*.
- Fixed an issue where the `Last Incident Occurred` section raised an error when no incidents were present in the context data.

##### ShowCampaignRecipients

- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.10.13.84405*.
- Fixed an issue where the `Campaign Recipients` section raised an error when no incidents were present in the context data.

##### ShowCampaignSenders

- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.10.13.84405*.
- Fixed an issue where the `Campaign Senders` section raised an error when no incidents were present in the context data.

##### ShowCampaignSimilarityRange

- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.10.13.84405*.
- Fixed an issue where the `Similarity Range` section raised an error when no incidents were present in the context data.

##### GetCampaignIndicatorsByIncidentId

- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/pandas:1.0.0.84731*.
- Fixed an issue where the `Mutual Campaign Indicators` section raised an error when no incidents were present in the context data.


##### PerformActionOnCampaignIncidents

- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.10.13.84405*.
- Replaced the "Link" button with the "Add to campaign" button to manually add incident(s) to a campaign using the incident ID.
- Replaced the "Unlink" button with the "Remove from Campaign" button to manually remove incident(s) from a campaign using the incident ID.
- Replaced the "Link & Close" button with the "Add To Campaign & Close" button. This will add the incident to the campaign and close the incident.

#### Incident Fields

- **Actions On Campaign Incidents**

- Replaced the "Link"  with Add. Adding incidents to a campaign links them, as well as shows them on the Campaign Management tab.
- Replaced the "Unlink" button with the "Remove from Campaign" button.
- Replaced the "Link & Close" button with the "Add To Campaign & Close" button.

#### Playbooks

##### Detect & Manage Phishing Campaigns

Added a new default value for the `fieldsToDisplay` argument.
