
#### Playbooks
##### New: Cortex XDR - Malware Investigation  
Investigates a Cortex XDR incident containing internal malware alerts. The playbook:
  - Enriches the infected endpoint details.
  - Lets the analyst manually retrieve the malicious file.
  - Performs file detonation.

The playbook is used as a sub- playbook in ‘Cortex XDR Incident Handling - v2’
 
##### New: Cortex XDR - Port Scan - Adjusted   
Investigates a Cortex XDR incident containing internal port scan alerts. The playbook:
  - Syncs data with Cortex XDR.
  - Notifies management about a compromised host.
  - Escalates the incident in case of lateral movement alert detection.

The playbook is used as a sub- playbook in 'Cortex XDR Incident Handling - v2'

##### New: Cortex XDR Alerts Handling  
This playbook is used to loop over every alert in a Cortex XDR incident.
Supported alert categories:
    - Malware
    - Port Scan

##### New: Cortex XDR Incident Handling v2  
This playbook is triggered by fetching a Palo Alto Networks Cortex XDR
incident. The playbook syncs and updates new XDR alerts that construct the incident
and triggers a sub-playbook to handle each alert by type. Then, the playbook
performs enrichment on the incident's indicators and hunting for related IOCs.
Based on the severity, it lets the analyst decide whether to continue to the remediation
stage or close the investigation as a false positive. After the remediation, if
there are no new alerts, the playbook stops the alert sync and closes the XDR incident
and investigation.