
#### Classifiers
##### Cortex XDR - Incoming Mapper
- Added support for severity mapping from Cortex XDR incident to Cortex XSOAR incident.
##### Cortex XDR - Outgoing Mapper
- Added outgoing mapper from XSOAR incident to XDR incidents.

#### Incident Fields
##### XDR Status
- Deprecated from version 6.0.0. Please use XDR Status v2 instead.
#### XDR Status v2
- You can now choose an XDR incident status from a predefined list.

#### Incident Types
##### Cortex XDR Incident
- Changes the default playbook from version 6.0.0.

#### Layouts
##### Cortex XDR Incident
- Added mirroring information section to layout from version 6.0.0.

#### Integrations
##### Palo Alto Networks Cortex XDR - Investigation and Response
- Added support for incident mirroring between Cortex XDR to Cortex XSOAR. Available from version 6.0.0.
- Added the `Sync Incident Owners` integration parameter that synchronizes the owners between XSOAR and XDR incidents. 
    * Note this feature will only work when the users are registered both in XDR and XSOAR.
- Added the `Fetch incident alerts and artifacts` integration parameter to get incident extra data when 
fetching XDR incidents.

#### Playbooks
##### Cortex XDR Incident Sync
- Updated the playbook description.
- Please refrain from using this playbook as a default playbook when using the newly added mirroring feature in Cortex XSOAR version 6.0.0.
  - For more information please consult the [integration documentation](https://xsoar.pan.dev/docs/reference/integrations/cortex-xdr---ir) under the **XDR Incident Mirroring** section.
##### Cortex XDR incident handling v3
- Improved implementation of Cortex XDR incident handling v2 playbook to work with incident mirroring between Cortex XDR and Cortex XSOAR.

#### Scripts
##### XDRSyncScript
- Deprecated from version 6.0.0 - use the mirroring feature instead.
