
#### Scripts
##### New: XDRIncidentTop10FilesSHA256
- The widget returns the top 10 files SHA256 in Cortex XDR open incidents. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.0.0).
##### New: XDRIncidentWidgetBase
- This script used to gets statistics on Cortex XDR open incidents and generate widget according to queryType parameter. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.0.0).
##### New: XDRIncidentTop10MitreTactic
- The widget returns the top 10 alerts Mitre tactics in Cortex XDR open incidents. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.0.0).
##### New: XDRIncidentHostCount
- The widget returns the number of hosts in Cortex XDR open incidents. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.0.0).
##### New: XDRDisonnectedEndpoints
- The widget returns the number of the disconnected endpoints using xdr-get-endpoints. command (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.0.0).
##### New: XDRIncidentTop10Hosts
- The widget returns the top 10 hosts in Cortex XDR open incidents. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.0.0).
##### New: XDRIncidentTop10MitreTechnique
- The widget returns the top 10 alerts Mitre technique in Cortex XDR open incidents. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.0.0).
##### New: XDRIncidentTop10Users
- The widget returns the top 10 users in Cortex XDR open incidents. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.0.0).
##### New: XDRIncidentTop10Categories
- The widget returns the top 10 alert categories in Cortex XDR open incidents. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.0.0).
##### New: XDRIncidentTop10Alerts
- The widget returns the top 10 alerts in Cortex XDR open incidents. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.0.0).
##### New: XDRIncidentTop10Files
- The widget returns the top 10 files in Cortex XDR open incidents. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.0.0).
##### New: XDRIncidentUserCount
- The widget returns the number of users in Cortex XDR open incidents. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.0.0).
##### New: XDRConnectedEndpoints
- The widget returns the number of the connected endpoints using xdr-get-endpoints command. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.0.0).
