
#### Incident Fields
- New: **XDR Alert Search Results**

#### Layouts
##### Cortex XDR Incident
Added "RDP Brute Force" tab for the "Possible external RDP brute-force" alert.

#### Playbooks
##### New: Cortex XDR - Possible External RDP Brute-Force - Set Verdict
This playbook creates an array called "Suspicious Elements", which is used to count potential security threats. The following elements can be added to the array:

- "IP Reputation" - Dbot Score is 2-3. 
- "Source geolocation" - RDP Connection made from rare geo-location 
-  Related to campaign - IP address is related to campaign, based on TIM module
-  Hunting results - the hunt for indicators related to the source IP and the related campaign returned results
-  XDR Alert search - XDR Alerts that related to the same username and endpoint, and to the MITRE tactics that comes after "Credential Access", were found.

The array will then be outputted and its size will be compared to a final threshold. If the size is greater than or equal to the threshold, the investigation's final verdict will be deemed a "True Positive." (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).
##### Cortex XDR Alerts Handling
Added "Cortex XDR - Possible External RDP Brute-Force" as a sub-playbook.
##### New: Cortex XDR - Possible External RDP Brute-Force
This playbook investigates a “Possible External RDP Brute Force” XDR alert by gathering user, IP, and hostname information, and investigating if the following suspicious elements exists:
- "IP Reputation" - Dbot Score is 2-3. 
- "Source geolocation" - RDP Connection made from rare geo-location 
-  Related to campaign - IP address is related to campaign, based on TIM module
-  Hunting results - the hunt for indicators related to the source IP and the related campaign returned results
-  XDR Alert search - XDR Alerts that related to the same username and endpoint, and to the MITRE tactics that comes after "Credential Access", were found.

Set verdict method:
* Suspicious Element - The "Suspicious Element" input allows you to select a specific element that, if identified as suspicious, the investigation's final verdict will be deemed a "True Positive".

* Final Verdict - Each suspicious element is added to an array called "Suspicious Elements", which is used to count potential security threats. The array size will be compared to a final threshold. If the size is greater than or equal to the threshold, the investigation's final verdict will be deemed a "True Positive".

* User Engagement - The "UserEngagementThreshold" input allows you to set the number of suspicious elements that trigger user engagement. When this threshold is met, an email will be sent to the user and their manager asking for authorization of RDP activity. If the RDP activity is not authorized by the user, the investigation's final verdict will be deemed a "True Positive".
 (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).
