
#### Playbooks
##### New: Cortex XDR - First SSO Access
Investigates a Cortex XDR incident containing First SSO access from ASN in an organization
 or First successful SSO connection from a country in an organization.

The playbook executes the following:
- IP and User Enrichment.
- User Investigation - Using 'User Investigation - Generic' sub-playbook.
- First SSO Access investigation - Using 'Cortex XDR - First SSO Investigation' sub-playbook.
- Set alert's verdict - Using 'Cortex XDR - First SSO access - Set Verdict' sub-playbook.
- Response based on the verdict.

The playbook is used as a sub-playbook in ‘Cortex XDR Incident Handling - v3’.

##### New: Cortex XDR - First SSO Access - Set Verdict
.This playbook determines the alert’s verdict based on the results of multiple checks.
By default, if at least two of the checks' results are true, the verdict is set to malicious.
If only one check's results are true. the verdict is set to suspicious.
If none of the conditions is true, the verdict is set to non-malicious.
It is possible to change the threshold value of the inputs to change the sensitivity of the verdict.

##### New: Cortex XDR - First SSO Investigation
This playbook performs an investigation to Cortex XDR - First SSO Access alerts, using queries to Okta.
Supported integration:
-Okta

##### Cortex XDR Alerts Handling
Added **Cortex XDR - First SSO Access** as a sub-playbook.

(Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).

#### Incident Fields
New: **XDR Investigation results**

#### Layouts
##### Cortex XDR Incident
Added "First SSO Access" tab for the "First SSO access from ASN in organization" and "First successful SSO connection from a country in organization" alerts.

