
#### Layouts

##### Cortex XDR Incident

Added a dedicated tab for Identity Analytics alerts handling.

#### Mappers

##### XDR - Incoming Mapper
Added a new mapping for the incident field `alert tags`.

#### Playbooks

##### Cortex XDR Alerts Handling v2
Added a flow for the new *Identity Analytics* playbook.
##### New: Cortex XDR - Identity Analytics
New: The `Cortex XDR - Identity Analytics` playbook is designed to handle Cortex XDR Identity Analytics alerts and executes the following:

Analysis:
- Enriches the IP address and the account, providing additional context and information about these indicators.

Verdict:
- Determines the appropriate verdict based on the data collected from the enrichment phase.

Investigation:
- Checks for related Cortex XDR alerts to the user by Mitre tactics to identify malicious activity.
- Checks for specific arguments for malicious usage from Okta using the 'Okta User Investigation' sub-playbook.
- Checks for specific arguments for malicious usage from Azure using the 'Azure User Investigation' sub-playbook.

Verdict Handling:
- Handles malicious alerts by initiating appropriate response actions, including blocking malicious IP addresses and revoking or clearing user's sessions.
- Handles non-malicious alerts identified during the investigation.

The playbook is used as a sub-playbook in ‘Cortex XDR Alerts Handling v2’.
 (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.10.0).
##### Cortex XDR - First SSO Access - Set Verdict
Deprecated. Use `Cortex XDR - Identity Analytics` instead.
##### Cortex XDR - First SSO Access
Deprecated. Use `Cortex XDR - Identity Analytics` instead.
