
#### XSIAM Dashboards

##### New: Cortex Cloud AppSec Badges (Graph)

- Added the new **Cortex Cloud AppSec Badges (Graph)** dashboard that displays AppSec badge widgets.

##### New: Cortex Cloud Appsec Badges (Text)

- Added the new **Cortex Cloud Appsec Badges (Text)** dashboard that displays text-based AppSec badges.

##### Cortex Cloud Posture Badges

- Updated the **Cortex Cloud Posture Badges**  dashboard to display graph-based posture badges.

##### New: Cortex Cloud Runtime Badges (Graph)

- Added the new **Cortex Cloud Runtime Badges (Graph)** dashboard that displays runtime badge widgets.

##### Cortex Cloud Runtime Badges (Text)

- Updated the **Cortex Cloud Runtime Badges (Text)** dashboard to fix display issues.

##### New: Cortex Cloud posture Badges (Graph)

- Added the new **Cortex Cloud posture Badges (Graph)** dashboard that displays Cortex Cloud posture dashboard widgets.

##### New: Cortex Insights [Agent Information]

- Added the new **Cortex Insights [Agent Information]** dashboard that displays Cortex Insights widgets that relate to Agent Information.

##### New: Cortex Insights [Analytics]

- Added the new **Cortex Insights [Analytics]** dashboard that displays Cortex Insights widgets that relate to Analytics.

##### New: Cortex Insights [Cloud]

- Added the new **Cortex Insights [Cloud]** dashboard that displays Cortex Insights widgets that relate to Cloud.

##### New: Cortex Insights [Compliance]

- Added the new **Cortex Insights [Compliance]** dashboard that displays Cortex Insights compliance widgets.

##### New: Cortex Insights [Datasets]

- Added the new **Cortex Insights [Datasets]** dashboard that displays Cortex Insights dataset widgets.

##### New: Cortex Insights [Security Events]

- Added the new **Cortex Insights [Security Events]** dashboard that displays Cortex Insights security event widgets.
