
#### Integrations
##### SentinelOne v2
- Added 21 new commands to the existing integration:
    - ***sentinelone-expire-site***  - Expires the sites as per the provided site ID.
    - ***sentinelone-fetch-threat-file*** -  Fetch a file associated with the threat that matches the filter.
    - ***sentinelone-update-threats-verdict*** - Updates the analyst verdict to a group of threats that match the specified input filter.
    - ***sentinelone-update-alerts-verdict*** - Updates the analyst verdict to a group of alerts that match the specified input filter.
    - ***sentinelone-create-star-rule*** - Creates a custom STAR rule.
    - ***sentinelone-get-star-rules*** -  Get a list of Custom Detection Rules for a given scope.
    - ***sentinelone-update-star-rule*** - Updates a custom STAR rule according to the provided data.
    - ***sentinelone-enable-star-rules*** - Activate Custom Detection Rules that match the specified input filter.
    - ***sentinelone-disable-star-rules*** - Disable Custom Detection Rules that match the specified input filter.
    - ***sentinelone-delete-star-rule*** - Deletes Custom Detection Rules that match the specified input filter.
    - ***sentinelone-write-threat-note*** - Add a threat note to one or more threats.
    - ***sentinelone-create-ioc*** - Add an IoC to the Threat Intelligence database.
    - ***sentinelone-delete-ioc*** - Delete an IoC from the Threat Intelligence database that matches a filter.
    - ***sentinelone-get-iocs*** -  Get the IOCs of a specified account that match the filter.
    - ***sentinelone-create-power-query*** - Start a Deep Visibility Power Query, get back status and potential results (ping afterwards using the queryId argument if the query has not finished).
    - ***sentinelone-ping-power-query*** - Ping a Deep Visibility Power Query using the queryId argument if results have not returned from an initial Power Query or a previous ping.
    - ***sentinelone-update-threats-status*** - Updates the incident status to a group of threats that match the specified input filter.
    - ***sentinelone-update-alerts-status*** -  Updates the incident status to a group of alerts that match the specified input filter.
    - ***sentinelone-get-alerts*** - Get the list of alerts that matches the filter provided.
    - ***sentinelone-get-installed-applications*** -  Get the installed applications for a specific agent.
    - ***sentinelone-initiate-endpoint-scan*** - Initiate the endpoint virus scan on provided agent IDs.

- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.10.5.31928*.
