#### Integrations
##### SentinelOne v2
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.10.10.47713*.
- Added support for Mirroring Integration. This integration allows us to mirror incidents/tickets/cases from SentinelOne. This feature applicable to the users who had the Cortex XSOAR version 6.0.0 and more. In order to achieve Mirroring added following things:
    - Added a new field `Incident Mirroring Direction` to config.
    - Added a `Mirror SentinelOne Ticket` playbook which enables ticket mirroring with SentinelOne.
    - Added a `SentinelOne Incident Layout` which is a custom layout only for the Mirroring.
    - Added a `SentinelOne Incident` type.
    - Added an incoming and outgoing mappers.
    - Added a few custom Incident Fields.
- **SentinelOne Threat Analyst Verdict**
- **SentinelOne Threat ID**
- **SentinelOne Threat Status**.

#### Mappers
##### New: SentinelOne - Outgoing Mapper
- SentinelONe Outgoing Mapper for the Sentinelone Incidents.

##### New: SentinelOne Incoming Mapper
- SentinelONe Incoming Mapper for the Sentinelone Incidents.

#### Layouts
##### New: SentinelOne Incident Layout
- A custom Layout for the SentinelOne Incident.

#### Incident Types
- **SentinelOne Incident**
#### Playbooks
##### New: Mirror SentinelOne Ticket
- Mirror SentinelOne Ticket is designed to serve as a playbook, which enables ticket mirroring with SentinelOne.
  It enables you to manage SentinelOne tickets in Cortex xSOAR while data is continuously synced between SentinelOne and Cortex xSOAR, including SentinelOne schema, fields.

- You can now enable mirroring, use the SentinelOne Incident  - common mappers for incoming and outgoing mirroring by enabling mirroring direction. In Addition to the playbook, we recommend that you use the included layout for SentinelOne Incident, which helps visualize SentinelOne incident information in Cortex xSOAR.
- You can now add the new layout as a tab to existing layouts using the Edit Layout page.
