#### Mappers

##### New: Reliaquest GreyMatter DRP Incidents Mapper

- New: Incident mapper with new fields

#### Classifiers

##### New: Reliaquest GreyMatter DRP Incidents Classifier

#### Layouts

##### New: Reliaquest GreyMatter DRP Incident Layout

- New: Layout with incidents and alert data

#### Incident Types

##### New: Reliaquest GreyMatter DRP Incident

- New: ReliaQuest Incident type

#### Integrations

##### New: ReliaQuest GreyMatter DRP Incidents

- New: ReliaQuest GreyMatter DR monitors and manages an organization's digital risk across the widest range of data sources within the open, deep, and dark web.

#### Playbooks

##### Digital Shadows - CVE_IoC Assessment & Enrichment

- ReliaQuestDRPIncident ds-search command integrated

##### Digital Shadows - IoC Assessment & Enrichment

- ReliaQuestDRPIncident ds-search command integrated

##### Digital Shadows - Domain Alert Intelligence (Automated)

- Deprecated. No available replacement.

##### Digital Shadows - Domain_IoC Assessment & Enrichment

- ReliaQuestDRPIncident ds-search command integrated

##### Digital Shadows - IP_IoC Assessment & Enrichment

- ReliaQuestDRPIncident ds-search command integrated

##### Digital Shadows - MD5_IoC Assessment & Enrichment

- ReliaQuestDRPIncident ds-search command integrated

##### Digital Shadows - SHA1_IoC Assessment & Enrichment

- ReliaQuestDRPIncident ds-search command integrated

##### Digital Shadows - SHA256_IoC Assessment & Enrichment

- ReliaQuestDRPIncident ds-search command integrated

##### Digital Shadows - URL_IoC Assessment & Enrichment

- ReliaQuestDRPIncident ds-search command integrated

##### Digital Shadows Retrieve Exposed Credentials

- Deprecated. No available replacement.

#### Incident Fields

##### New: DS Alert Risk Factors

- New: Risk factors belongs to alert

##### New: DS Alert Description

- New: This alert's description containing specific details of the alert. The content varies depending on classification and can change format at any time (ie must not be parsed based on historical structure)

##### New: DS Alert Email

- New: Email related to alert

##### New: DS Alert Password

- New: Alert password

##### New: DS Assets

- New: The related assets with this alert

##### New: DS Auto Closed

- New: If incident in Closed/Resolved/Rejected state then this field going to be true

##### New: DS Event Action

- New: The action has done to the target triage item

##### New: DS Event Number

- New: Event serial number, most recent change to event has largest number

##### New: DS Impact Description

- New: Content within the impact-description will be replaced by the presence of risk-factors and content within the description field.

##### New: DS Incident Description

- New: Plain text description of this incident. The content varies depending on classification and can change format at any time (ie must not be parsed based on historical structure)

##### New: DS Incident ID

- New: Unique identifier for this incident. Matches that used in the portal.

##### New: DS Incident Raised Date

- New: The moment this incident was raised

##### New: DS Incident Updated Date

- New: The moment when this incident was last updated

##### New: DS Risk Factors

- New: Facts concerning the risk of the alert. Each item is a sentence stating the risk factor, whose content could change format at any time (ie must not be parsed based on historical structure).

##### New: DS Risk Level

- New: The level of risk associated with the incident

##### New: DS Severity

- New: The level of risk associated with this item

##### New: DS Triage Item ID

- New: Unique identifier for this triage item

##### New: DS Triage Title

- New: Short label summarising what is being triaged

##### New: DS Comments

- New: Comments data
