
#### Scripts

##### New: MicrosoftSentinelSetOwner

New: This script is used by the *Microsoft Sentinel - default layout* in the **Set Remote Owner** button to set the owner in Microsoft Sentinel. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).

##### New: MicrosoftSentinelSubmitNewComment

New: This script is used by the *Microsoft Sentinel - default layout* in the **Add Comment** button. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).

##### MicrosoftSentinelConvertCommentsToTable

- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.11.10.115887*.

- Improved implementation of the fields relevant to the comments layout.

#### Incident Fields

##### New: Microsoft Sentinel Classification Reason

New: New field in *Close Form* for classification reason when the close reason is "False Positive". (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).

##### Microsoft Sentinel Owner

- Updated the Owner field to be locked to changes.
- Added the ability to update the Owner field using the Set Remote Owner button. Changes are reflected after the next mirroring iteration.

#### Layouts

##### Microsoft Sentinel - default layout

- Added the *Set Remote Owner* button to set the owner in the remote incident.
- Added the *Add Comment* button to add comments in the Cortex XSOAR incident and mirror out the new comment.

#### Integrations

##### Microsoft Sentinel

#### Mappers

##### Microsoft Sentinel - Incoming Mapper

Added support for mirroring in the **Microsoft Sentinel Classification Reason** incident fields.

##### Microsoft Sentinel - Outgoing Mapper

Added support for mirroring out the **Microsoft Sentinel Classification Reason** incident fields.
