
#### Playbooks
##### New: QRadar Get Hunting Results
- This playbook is used to to sort the QRadar search results to display the IP addresses, assets, and usernames that the search provided. In addition, the results allow you to differentiate between internal and external IP addresses as well as query the QRadar assets API in order to get the assets details from the IP addresses. You can provide the QRadar fields names and the organizations' IP ranges in order to properly sort the data. The end result of the playbook will be the internal and external IP addresses detected as well as the assets and users. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.0.0).
##### New: QRadar Build Query and Search
- This playbook creates an AQL query for the QRadar SIEM using the QRadarCreateAQLQuery automation queries. Complex queries take into consideration several inputs and allow you to include or exclude each of the values as well as perform a full or partial search. Each of the values can be searched across several fields.

The playbook supports 3 full separate conditions to be evaluated.
For example, in the first, inputs will evaluate several user names that may or may not exist in several fields. The second input can for example evaluate for IP addresses in several fields that may or may not exist in several fields and a third value can search for an event ID that may or may not exist in several fields. The results of all the inputs will create an AQL query that covers all of the inputs combining all the different conditions.

Each of the inputs is validated so in case the inputs are not set correctly, the user can review and run again.
Also notice that populated inputs will be combined, meaning by populating the first and second values the resulting AQL query will be a combination of all of them and not 3 separate searches. In addition to that, make sure to populate the inputs in order according to the indexed fields in QRadar (indexed fields should be provided before non indexed ones). (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.0.0).
