
#### Integrations
##### Qualys
-  Maintenance and stability enhancements.
##### New: Qualys v2
- Qualys Vulnerability Management let's you create, run, fetch and manage reports. Launch and manage vulnerability and compliance scans. Manage the host assets you want to scan for vulnerabilities and compliance (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.5.0).

#### Playbooks
##### New: Launch And Fetch Remediation Report - Qualys
- First launches a  remediation report and then fetch the report when it's ready. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.5.0).
##### New: Launch And Fetch Host Based Findings Report - Qualys
- First launches a host based report and then fetch the report when it's ready. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.5.0).
##### New: Launch And Fetch VM Scan - Qualys
- First launches a scan and then fetch the scan when it's ready. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.5.0).
##### New: Launch And Fetch Scheduled Report - Qualys
- First launches a scheduled report and then fetch the report when it's ready. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.5.0).
##### New: Launch And Fetch Compliance Policy Report - Qualys
- First launches a compliance policy report and then fetch the report when it's ready. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.5.0).
##### New: Launch And Fetch Map Report - Qualys
- First launches a  map scan report and then fetch the report when it's ready. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.5.0).
##### New: Launch And Fetch Scan Based Findings Report - Qualys
- First launches a scan based report and then fetch the report when it's ready. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.5.0).
##### New: Launch And Fetch PC Scan - Qualys
- First launches a pc scan and then fetch the scan when it's ready. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.5.0).
##### New: Vulnerability Management - Qualys (Job) - V2
- Old playbook from V1 updated to work with V2.
##### New: Launch And Fetch Patch Report - Qualys
- First launches a  patch report and then fetch the report when it's ready. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.5.0).
##### New: Launch And Fetch Compliance Report - Qualys
- First launches a  compliance report and then fetch the report when it's ready. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.5.0).
