
#### Alert Fields
##### New: ASM - Alert Summary
Added the **ASM - Alert Summary** field to hold information on the summary report of alert.

##### New: ASM - Asset ID
Added the **ASM - Asset ID** field to hold information on the UUID for ASM Asset.

##### New: ASM - Attack Surface Rule ID
Added the **ASM - Attack Surface Rule ID** field to hold information on UUID for ASM rule.

##### New: ASM - Cloud
Added the **ASM - Cloud** field to hold information on cloud assets.

##### New: ASM - Data Collection
Added the **ASM - Data Collection** field to hold information on data collection tasks.

##### New: ASM - Notification
Added the **ASM - Notification** field to hold information on on notification(s) sent via the ASM playbook

##### New: ASM - Private IP
Added the **ASM - Private IP** field to hold information on private IP addresses found.

##### New: ASM - Related
Added the **ASM - Related** field to hold information on related or duplicate objects.

##### New: ASM - Remediation
Added the **ASM - Remediation** field to hold information on on remediation action(s).

##### New: ASM - Service Detection
Added the **ASM - Service Detection** field to hold information on pre/post remediation scan to check if service is still detectable.

##### New: ASM - Service ID
Added the **ASM - Service ID** field to hold information on UUID for ASM service.

##### New: ASM - Service Owner
Added the **ASM - Service Owner** field to hold information on potential service owners gathered through playbook.

##### New: ASM - System IDs
Added the **ASM - System IDs** field to hold information on eelated system identifiers.

##### New: ASM - Tags
Added the **ASM - Tags** field to hold information on tags of objects.