#### New: Incident Fields
Added the **ASM - Dev Check** field: Indicates whether the asset is most likely used for solely development/non-production purposes, including uses like testing, staging, QA, sandbox, and user acceptance testing.

#### Playbooks
##### Cortex ASM - ASM Alert
- Updated the playbook to use the new **InferWhetherServiceIsDev** script when calculating eligibility for automatic remediation.
- Updated the playbook to use the alert name for the ServiceNow short_description (title).
- Changed to include SNMP Server use case.

##### Cortex ASM - Enrichment
Updated the playbook to run **InferWhetherServiceIsDev** as part of enrichment.

##### Cortex ASM - Detect Service
Changed to include SNMP Server use case.

##### New: Cortex ASM - SNMP Check
Given the IP address, this playbook checks if SNMP is enabled or not and gets running versions.

#### Scripts
##### New: InferWhetherServiceIsDev
Added the **InferWhetherServiceIsDev** script: Identifies whether the service is a "development" server. Development servers have no external users and run no production workflows. These servers might be named "dev", but they might also be named "qa", "pre-production", "user acceptance testing", or use other non-production terms. This automation uses both public data visible to anyone (`active_classifications` as derived by Xpanse ASM) as well as checking internal data for AI-learned indicators of development systems (`asm_tags` as derived from integrations with non-public systems). (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.5.0).

##### New: SnmpDetection
Added the **SnmpDetection** script: Checks if SNMP is enabled or not on the remote IP and provide versions running on the server.
