#### Mappers
##### CrowdStrike Falcon-Mapper
Fixed - CrowdStrike Incident Severity mapping.
##### New: CrowdStrike Falcon Mapper
New mapper to support the Malware use case (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.5.0).

#### Playbooks
##### New: CrowdStrike Falcon Malware - Verify Containment Actions  
This playbook verifies and sets the policy actions applied by CrowdStrike Falcon.
##### New: CrowdStrike Falcon - SIEM ingestion Get Incident Data  
This playbook handles incident ingestion from the SIEM.
##### New: CrowdStrike Falcon - Search Endpoints By Hash  
This playbook searches across the organization for other endpoints associated with a specific SHA256 hash.
##### New: CrowdStrikeF Falcon - False Positive Incident Handling  
This playbook handles a CrowdStrike incident that was determined to be a false positive by the analyst.
##### New: CrowdStrike Falcon - True Positive Incident Handling    
This playbook handles a CrowdStrike incident that was determined to be a true positive by the analyst.
##### New: CrowdStrike Falcon - Retrieve File
This playbook is used to retrieve files from CrowdStrike Falcon as well as unzipping the retrieved files and outputting which files were and weren't retrieved.
##### New: CrowdStrike Falcon - Get Endpoint Forensics Data
The playbook is used to extract data from the host using RTR commands. examples of supported commands are getting a list of running processes and network connections.
##### New: CrowdStrike Falcon Malware - Incident Enrichment
This playbook enables to enrich CrowdStrike Falcon incidents by pivoting to their detections as well as mapping all the relevant data to the XSOAR incident fields.
##### New: CrowdStrike Falcon Malware - Investigation and Response
The playbook covers a detailed flow of handling a CrowdStrike Falcon malware investigation.
Included steps are:
Extracting and displaying MITRE data from the EDR and sandboxes
Deduplication similar incidents
Searching for the hashes in the alert in the sandboxes to provide their relevant information and in case the hashes are not found, retrieving them from the endpoint and detonating in the sandbox.
Verifying the actions taken by the EDR
Analyzing the command line
Search for the relevant hashes in additional hosts in the organization
Retrieve data about the host such as process list and network connections
Perform containment and mitigation actions as part of handling false/true positives 
Setting the relevant layouts and more
##### New: CrowdStrike Falcon - Get Detections by Incident
This playbook enabled to get the CrowdStrike detections details based on the CrowdStrike incident ID.
