
#### Classifiers

##### CrowdStrike Falcon Incident Classifier

- Updated the CrowdStrike Falcon Incident Classifier classifier to classify the new incident type.

#### Incident Fields

##### New: CrowdStrike Falcon IOC Urls

- New: Added a new incident field- CrowdStrike Falcon IOC Urls that contains the IOC URLs.

##### New: CrowdStrike Falcon Item type

- New: Added a new incident field- CrowdStrike Falcon Item type that contains the item type.

##### New: CrowdStrike Falcon Actor slug

- New: Added a new incident field- CrowdStrike Falcon Actor slug that contains the actor slug.

##### New: CrowdStrike Falcon Role creator name

- New: Added a new incident field- CrowdStrike Falcon Role creator name that contains the role creator name.

##### New: CrowdStrike Falcon Item id

- New: Added a new incident field- CrowdStrike Falcon Item id that contains the item ID.

##### New: CrowdStrike Falcon IOC Domains

- New: Added a new incident field- CrowdStrike Falcon IOC Domains that contains the IOC domains.

##### New: CrowdStrike Falcon IOC Hashtags

- New: Added a new incident field- CrowdStrike Falcon IOC Hashtags that contains the IOC hashtags.

##### New: CrowdStrike Falcon Item site

- New: Added a new incident field- CrowdStrike Falcon Item site that contains the item site.

##### New: CrowdStrike Falcon IOC Emails

- New: Added a new incident field- CrowdStrike Falcon IOC Emails that contains the IOC emails.

##### New: CrowdStrike Falcon Item date

- New: Added a new incident field- CrowdStrike Falcon Item date that contains the item date.

##### New: CrowdStrike Falcon Item author

- New: Added a new incident field- CrowdStrike Falcon Item author that contains the item author.

##### New: CrowdStrike Falcon Item Author ID

- New: Added a new incident field- CrowdStrike Falcon Item Author ID that contains the item author ID.

##### New: CrowdStrike Falcon Role priority

- New: Added a new incident field- CrowdStrike Falcon Role priority that contains the role priority.

##### New: CrowdStrike Falcon Role topic

- New: Added a new incident field- CrowdStrike Falcon Role topic that contains the role topic.

##### New: CrowdStrike Falcon At Accounts

- New: Added a new incident field- CrowdStrike Falcon At Accounts that contains the at accounts.

##### New: CrowdStrike Falcon Role creator uid

- New: Added a new incident field- CrowdStrike Falcon Role creator uid that contains the role creator UID.

##### New: CrowdStrike Falcon IOC Types

- New: Added a new incident field- CrowdStrike Falcon IOC Types that contains the IOC types.

##### New: CrowdStrike Falcon Role Id

- New: Added a new incident field- CrowdStrike Falcon Role Id that contains the role ID.

##### New: CrowdStrike Falcon Item site Id

- New: Added a new incident field- CrowdStrike Falcon Item site Id that contains the item site ID.

##### New: CrowdStrike Falcon IOC CVES

- New: Added a new incident field- CrowdStrike Falcon IOC CVES that contains the IOC CVEs.

#### Incident Types

##### New: CrowdStrike Falcon Intelligence Recon notification

- New: Added a new incident type- CrowdStrike Falcon Intelligence Recon notification that handles CrowdStrike Falcon Intelligence Recon notifications.

#### Integrations

##### CrowdStrike Falcon

- Added support for **Recon filter query** parameter that use the falcon query language to refine the data collected. for more information, refer to the fql syntax documentation: https://www.falconpy.io/usage/falconquerylanguage.html.

#### Layouts

##### CrowdStrike Falcon Layout

- Updated the CrowdStrike Falcon Layout layout to display the new incident fields.

#### Mappers

##### CrowdStrike Falcon Mapper

- Updated the CrowdStrike Falcon Mapper mapper to map the new incident fields.
