
#### Classifiers

Updated the CrowdStrike Falcon Incident Classifier to classify the new incident type.

#### Incident Fields

- Added a new incident field **CrowdStrike Falcon IOC Urls** that contains the IOC URLs.
- Added a new incident field **CrowdStrike Falcon Item type** that contains the item type.
- Added a new incident field **CrowdStrike Falcon Actor slug** that contains the actor slug.
- Added a new incident field **CrowdStrike Falcon Role creator name** that contains the role creator name.
- Added a new incident field **CrowdStrike Falcon Item id** that contains the item ID.
- Added a new incident field **CrowdStrike Falcon IOC Domains** that contains the IOC domains.
- Added a new incident field **CrowdStrike Falcon IOC Hashtags** that contains the IOC hashtags.
- Added a new incident field **CrowdStrike Falcon Item site** that contains the item site.
- Added a new incident field **CrowdStrike Falcon IOC Emails** that contains the IOC emails.
- Added a new incident field **CrowdStrike Falcon Item date** that contains the item date.
- Added a new incident field **CrowdStrike Falcon Item author** that contains the item author.
- Added a new incident field **CrowdStrike Falcon Item Author ID** that contains the item author ID.
- Added a new incident field **CrowdStrike Falcon Role priority** that contains the role priority.
- Added a new incident field **CrowdStrike Falcon Role topic** that contains the role topic.
- Added a new incident field **CrowdStrike Falcon At Accounts** that contains the at accounts.
- Added a new incident field **CrowdStrike Falcon Role creator UID** that contains the role creator UID.
- Added a new incident field **CrowdStrike Falcon IOC Types** that contains the IOC types.
- Added a new incident field **CrowdStrike Falcon Role ID** that contains the role ID.
- Added a new incident field **CrowdStrike Falcon Item site ID** that contains the item site ID.
- Added a new incident field **CrowdStrike Falcon IOC CVES** that contains the IOC CVEs.

#### Incident Types

Added a new incident type **CrowdStrike Falcon Intelligence Recon notification** that handles CrowdStrike Falcon Intelligence Recon notifications.

#### Integrations

##### CrowdStrike Falcon

Added support for the **Recon filter query** parameter that uses Falcon Query Language to refine the data collected. For more information, see the [FQL Syntax Documentation](https://www.falconpy.io/Usage/Falcon-Query-Language.html).

#### Layouts

Updated the **CrowdStrike Falcon Layout** to display the new incident fields.

#### Mappers

Updated the **CrowdStrike Falcon Mapper** to map the new incident fields.
