
#### Triggers Recommendations

##### Azure SQL Misconfiguration

- Updated the Azure SQL Misconfiguration triggers recommendation to add the new id and name fields to the JSON payload, alongside the existing trigger_id and trigger_name.

##### GCP Kubernetes Engine Misconfiguration

- Updated the GCP Kubernetes Engine Misconfiguration triggers recommendation to add the new id and name fields to the JSON payload, alongside the existing trigger_id and trigger_name.

##### AWS CloudTrail Misconfiguration

- Updated the AWS CloudTrail Misconfiguration triggers recommendation to add the new id and name fields to the JSON payload, alongside the existing trigger_id and trigger_name.

##### Prisma Cloud - VM Alert Prioritization

- Updated the Prisma Cloud - VM Alert Prioritization triggers recommendation to add the new id and name fields to the JSON payload, alongside the existing trigger_id and trigger_name.

##### AWS IAM Policy Misconfiguration

- Updated the AWS IAM Policy Misconfiguration triggers recommendation to add the new id and name fields to the JSON payload, alongside the existing trigger_id and trigger_name.

##### Azure Network Misconfiguration

- Updated the Azure Network Misconfiguration triggers recommendation to add the new id and name fields to the JSON payload, alongside the existing trigger_id and trigger_name.

##### Prisma Cloud Network API and Anomaly alerts

- Updated the Prisma Cloud Network API and Anomaly alerts triggers recommendation to add the new id and name fields to the JSON payload, alongside the existing trigger_id and trigger_name.

##### Azure AKS Misconfiguration

- Updated the Azure AKS Misconfiguration triggers recommendation to add the new id and name fields to the JSON payload, alongside the existing trigger_id and trigger_name.

##### AWS EC2 Instance Misconfiguration

- Updated the AWS EC2 Instance Misconfiguration triggers recommendation to add the new id and name fields to the JSON payload, alongside the existing trigger_id and trigger_name.

##### Azure Storage Misconfiguration

- Updated the Azure Storage Misconfiguration triggers recommendation to add the new id and name fields to the JSON payload, alongside the existing trigger_id and trigger_name.

##### GCP Compute Engine Misconfiguration

- Updated the GCP Compute Engine Misconfiguration triggers recommendation to add the new id and name fields to the JSON payload, alongside the existing trigger_id and trigger_name.
