
#### Dashboards

##### New: Cortex Xpanse Overview Dashboard

Added a dashboard that provides a high level view of incidents from Cortex Xpanse.

#### Incident Fields
Updated the following incident fields to provide improved tracking of Cortex Xpanse details:
- **Xpanse Protocol**
- **Xpanse Service Validation**
- **Xpanse Service ID**
- **Xpanse Provider**
- **Xpanse Service Classifications**

#### Incident Types
##### Xpanse Alert
Added a new default playbook was added to a new version of the base incident type.

#### Playbooks

##### New: Xpanse - Alert Enrichment

Added a new playbook with additional enrichment via cloud service providers and other applicable IT and security tools.

##### New: Xpanse - Alert Handler

Added a default alert handling playbook for Cortex Xpanse alerts.

##### New: Xpanse - NMap - Detect Service

Added a new playbook that looks at what ASM sub-type the alert is and uses NMap to do a validation scan.

##### New: Xpanse - Alert Self-Enrichment

Added a new enrichment playbook on the alert itself using Cortex Xpanse APIs.

#### Widgets

##### New: Xpanse Incidents by Provider

Added a new widget that includes provider names for all Cortex Xpanse incidents.

##### New: Xpanse Problematic IPs

Added a new widget that highlights the most common IPs involved in Cortex Xpanse incidents.

##### New: Xpanse Incident Count by Business Unit

Added a new widget that highlights the most common business units involved in Cortex Xpanse incidents.

##### New: Unassigned Active Xpanse Incidents

Added a new widget that includes the number of active Cortex Xpanse incidents without an assignee.

##### New: Assigned Active Xpanse Incidents

Added a new widget that includes the number of active Cortex Xpanse incidents with an assignee.

##### New: Exposed Ports in Xpanse Incidents

Added a new widget that highlights the most common Cortex Xpanse incidents by port.

##### New: Xpanse Incidents by Protocol

Added a new widget that highlights the most common Cortex Xpanse incidents by protocol.

##### New: New Xpanse High & Critical Incidents

Added a new widget that includes a timeline view of new high and critical severity Cortex Xpanse incidents.

#### Layouts

##### Xpanse Alert Layout

Updated the Cortex Xpanse alert layout to include several new fields.
