
#### Scripts

##### New: getAutomationsCount

- New: Get the count of OOTB, custom and deprecated automations.

##### New: getContentPackStatus

- New: Get the count of Marketplace content packs update status.

##### New: getCustomAutomations

- New: Get the list of custom automations modified in last 30 days.

##### New: getCustomPlaybooks

- New: Get the list of custom playbooks created in last 30 days.

##### New: getDetachedAutomations

- New: Get the list of detached automations.

##### New: getDetachedPlaybooks

- New: Get the list of detached OOTB playbooks.

##### New: getDiskSpaceStatus

- New: Get the Disk Space details.

##### New: getDockerContainersCount

- New: Get the count of docker containers.

##### New: getInvHealthStatus

- New: Get the count of big incidents, incidents with big context and big indicators.

##### New: getPlaybooksCount

- New: Get the count of custom, OOTB and deprecated playbooks.

##### New: getPlaybooksHealthStatus

- New: Get the count of big workplan, big tasks playbooks and the playbooks which automatically turned in to quiet mode.

##### New: getSystemHealthStatus

- New: Get the count of slow searches, web socket disconnects(in last 12hrs).

##### New: getWorkersCount

- New: Get the count of Available, Busy and Total workers.


#### Dashboards

##### New: XSOAR Status Review Dashboard v6

- New: XSOAR review dashboard can be used to get the playbooks, automations & system status in last 30 days. Note that 'CORE REST API' integration need to be enabled with admin credentials before start using this dashboard

##### New: XSOAR Status Review Dashboard v8

- New: XSOAR review dashboard can be used to get the playbooks, automations & incidents status in last 30 days. Note that 'CORE REST API' integration need to be enabled with admin credentials before start using this dashboard

