Packs/MicrosoftTeams/Integrations/MicrosoftTeamsWebhook/README.md, before:

Integration for sending notifications to a Microsoft Teams channel via Incoming Webhook.
This integration was integrated and tested with version 6.8 of Microsoft Teams via Webhook

## Configure Microsoft Teams via Webhook on Cortex XSOAR
1. Navigate to **Settings** > **Integrations** > **Servers & Services**.
2. Search for Microsoft Teams via Webhook.
3. Click **Add instance** to create and configure a new integration instance.
4. Click **Test** to validate the URLs, token, and connection.

| **Parameter** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Microsoft Webhook URL | The webhook URL in the Teams Channel | True |
| Trust any certificate (not secure) |  | False |
| Use system proxy settings |  | False |

## Commands
You can execute these commands from the Cortex XSOAR CLI, as part of an automation, or in a playbook.
After you successfully execute a command, a DBot message appears in the War Room with the command details.
### ms-teams-message
***
Send a message to Microsoft Teams via Incoming Webhook


#### Base Command

`ms-teams-message`
#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| message | The message to send.  For example: "This is a message from Cortex XSOAR". Default is None. | Optional | 
| team_webhook | The alternative webhook for a different team.  If not defined, the integration's default webhook is used. | Optional | 
| alternative_url | The alternative URL to send in place of the link to the XSOAR Investigation. | Optional | 
| url_title | The title for the link, defaults to "Cortex XSOAR URL". Default is Cortex XSOAR URL. | Optional | 


#### Context Output

There is no context output for this command.

Commit message:

Feature/send teams notification using workflow (#35635)
* Update Microsoft Teams Webhook notification using adaptive cards

* Update release notes

* Update docker image

* Fix descriptive yaml file

* Use full url for new workflow webhook

* Use newer version number

* Increase coverage

* Increase coverage

* Remove false assertion

* Add missing blank line

* Rename duplicated function name

* Update release notes and version number

* Fix version number

Packs/MicrosoftTeams/Integrations/MicrosoftTeamsWebhook/README.md, after:

Integration for sending notifications to a Microsoft Teams channel via Incoming Webhook.
This integration was integrated and tested with version 6.8 of Microsoft Teams via Webhook

## Configure Microsoft Teams via Webhook on Cortex XSOAR
1. Navigate to **Settings** > **Integrations** > **Servers & Services**.
2. Search for Microsoft Teams via Webhook.
3. Click **Add instance** to create and configure a new integration instance.
4. Click **Test** to validate the URLs, token, and connection.

| **Parameter** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Microsoft Webhook URL | The webhook URL in the Teams Channel | True |
| Trust any certificate (not secure) |  | False |
| Use system proxy settings |  | False |

## Commands
You can execute these commands from the Cortex XSOAR CLI, as part of an automation, or in a playbook.
After you successfully execute a command, a DBot message appears in the War Room with the command details.
### ms-teams-message

***
Send a message to Microsoft Teams via Incoming Webhook.

#### Base Command

`ms-teams-message`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| message | The message to send.  For example: "This is a message from Cortex XSOAR,". Default is None. | Optional | 
| team_webhook | The alternative webhook for a different team.  If not defined, the integration's default webhook is used. | Optional | 
| alternative_url | The alternative URL to send in place of the link to the XSOAR Investigation. | Optional | 
| url_title | The title for the link, defaults to "Cortex XSOAR URL". Default is Cortex XSOAR URL. | Optional | 
| adaptive_cards_format | Should the adaptive cards format be used?. | Optional | 

#### Context Output

There is no context output for this command.
