
#### Incident Fields

##### New: Infoblox Cloud Insight Status

##### New: Infoblox Cloud Event Not Blocked Count

##### New: Infoblox Cloud Insight Priority

##### New: Infoblox Cloud Insight Changed Time

##### New: Infoblox Cloud Threat Type

##### New: Infoblox Cloud Insight Spreading Time

##### New: Infoblox Cloud Event Count

##### New: Infoblox Cloud Insight Persistent Time

##### New: Infoblox Cloud Insight Start Time

##### New: Infoblox Cloud Insight Most Recent Time

##### New: Infoblox Cloud Threat Family

##### New: Infoblox Cloud Threat Class

##### New: Infoblox Cloud Insight ID

##### New: Infoblox Cloud Feed Source

##### New: Infoblox Cloud RCODE

##### New: Infoblox Cloud Network

##### New: Infoblox Cloud Threat Indicator

##### New: Infoblox Cloud DNS View

##### New: Infoblox Cloud Severity

##### New: Infoblox Cloud DHCP Fingerprint

##### New: Infoblox Cloud Threat Property

##### New: Infoblox Cloud Feed Name

##### New: Infoblox Cloud Application Name

##### New: Infoblox Cloud User Groups

##### New: Infoblox Cloud Feed Type

##### New: Infoblox Cloud RDATA

##### New: Infoblox Cloud Endpoint Groups

##### New: Infoblox Cloud Event Time

##### New: Infoblox Cloud Category

##### New: Infoblox Cloud User

##### New: Infoblox Cloud RIP

##### New: Infoblox Cloud QNAME

##### New: Infoblox Cloud Application Category

##### New: Infoblox Cloud QTYPE

##### New: Infoblox Cloud Confidence

##### New: Infoblox Cloud Private IP

##### New: Infoblox Cloud QIP

#### Incident Types

##### New: Infoblox Cloud SOC Insight

##### New: Infoblox Cloud DNS Security Event

#### Integrations

##### Infoblox Threat Defense with DDI

- Added support for **Fetch incidents** to fetch the Security Insights or DNS Security Events as XSOAR incidents.
- Added support for **infobloxcloud-soc-insight-list** command that list SOC insights from Infoblox Cloud.
- Added support for **infobloxcloud-soc-insight-event-list** command that list events for a specific SOC Insight.
- Added support for **infobloxcloud-soc-insight-indicator-list** command that list indicators for a specific SOC Insight.
- Added support for **infobloxcloud-soc-insight-comment-list** command that list comments for a specific SOC Insight.
- Added support for **infobloxcloud-soc-insight-asset-list** command that list assets for a specific SOC Insight.
- Added support for **infobloxcloud-block-ip** command to add specified IP addresses for the provided block list.
- Added support for **infobloxcloud-unblock-ip** command to add specified IP addresses for the provided allow list.
- Added support for **infobloxcloud-block-domain** command to add specified domains for the provided block list.
- Added support for **infobloxcloud-unblock-domain** command to add specified domains for the provided allow list.
- Added support for **infobloxcloud-customlist-indicator-remove** command to remove specified indicators from the provided custom list.
- Added support for **ip** command that gets the comprehensive IP reputation and threat intelligence from Infoblox Threat Defense, including threat indicators, IPAM address information, and standard IP reputation data.
- Added support for **domain** command that gets the comprehensive domain/host reputation and threat intelligence from Infoblox Threat Defense, including threat indicators, IPAM address information and standard domain reputation data.
- Added support for **url** command that gets the comprehensive URL reputation and threat intelligence from Infoblox Threat Defense, including threat indicators, and standard URL reputation data.
- Added support for **infobloxcloud-mac-enrich** command that enriches a MAC address with DHCP lease information.
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.12.11.4819260*.

#### Layouts

##### New: Infoblox Cloud SOC Insight

##### New: Infoblox Cloud DNS Security Event

#### Mappers

##### New: Infoblox Cloud - Incoming Mapper

#### Classifiers

##### New: Infoblox Cloud - Classifier

#### Playbooks

##### New: Domain Enrichment - Infoblox Cloud

This playbook enriches domains or hosts with the dossier, TIDE and asset data using Infoblox Threat Defense with DDI integration.

##### New: Block Indicator - Infoblox Cloud

This playbook blocks the given IP or domain by adding it to the given block type custom list of the Infoblox Cloud platform. If prompted it also removes the provided indicators from given allow list.

##### New: Unblock Indicator - Infoblox Cloud

This playbook unblocks the given IP or domain by adding it to the given allow type custom list of the Infoblox Cloud platform.

##### New: Indicator Enrichment - Infoblox Cloud

This playbook enriches IP addresses, MAC addresses, domains and URLs with the dossier, DHCP lease, TIDE and asset data using Infoblox Threat Defense with DDI integration.

##### New: Incident Response - Infoblox Cloud

This playbook is used to initiate the incident response. This playbook runs when an incident is selected for investigation. It will change the state from pending to active and it will list the available indicators, events, assets, and comments from Infoblox corresponding to the incident. If incident severity is found to be higher than or equivalent to medium, it will create a ServiceNow incident otherwise the given incident will be assigned to an analyst.

##### New: MAC Enrichment - Infoblox Cloud

This playbook enriches MAC addresses with DHCP lease information using Infoblox Threat Defense with DDI integration.

##### New: URL Enrichment - Infoblox Cloud

This playbook enriches URL with the dossier and TIDE data using Infoblox Threat Defense with DDI integration.

##### New: IP Enrichment - Infoblox Cloud

This playbook enriches IP addresses with the dossier, TIDE and asset data using Infoblox Threat Defense with DDI integration.
