
#### Integrations

##### CheckPoint Firewall v2

- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.12.13.8428455*.
- Added support for the following commands:  
  - ***checkpoint-access-section-delete***, that deletes the specified access section.
  - ***checkpoint-access-section-get***, that shows an existing access section using object name or UID.
  - ***checkpoint-access-section-add***, that adds a new access section.
  - ***checkpoint-service-group-add*** that adds a new service group object.
  - ***checkpoint-service-group-get***, that shows an existing service group object using object name or UID.
  - ***checkpoint-service-group-update***, that updates the specified service group object.
  - ***checkpoint-service-group-list***, that gets a list of all service group objects.
  - ***checkpoint-service-group-delete***, that deletes the specified service group object.
  - ***checkpoint-access-section-update***, that updates the specified access section.
  - ***checkpoint-service-group-clone***, that clones an existing service group object.
  - ***checkpoint-nat-rule-update***, that updates an existing nat rule.
  - ***checkpoint-network-add***, that creates a new network object.
  - ***checkpoint-icmp-service-update***, that updates an existing icmp service object.
  - ***checkpoint-udp-service-update***, that updates an existing udp service object.
  - ***checkpoint-network-update***, that updates an existing network object.
  - ***checkpoint-nat-rule-get***, that gets full data for the specified nat rule.
  - ***checkpoint-tcp-service-add***, that creates a new tcp service object.
  - ***checkpoint-icmp-service-add***, that creates a new icmp service object.
  - ***checkpoint-nat-rule-list***, that retrieves a list of nat rules from the rule base.
  - ***checkpoint-service-delete***, that deletes a service object.
  - ***checkpoint-network-list***, that retrieves a list of network objects.
  - ***checkpoint-service-get***, that gets full data for the specified service object.
  - ***checkpoint-service-list***, that retrieves a list of service objects. When an identifier is provided, returns a single service object.
  - ***checkpoint-tcp-service-update***, that updates an existing tcp service object.
  - ***checkpoint-nat-rule-delete***, that deletes a nat rule.
  - ***checkpoint-udp-service-add***, that creates a new udp service object.
  - ***checkpoint-network-delete***, that deletes a network object.
  - ***checkpoint-nat-rule-add***, that adds a new nat rule.
  - ***checkpoint-network-get***, that gets full data for the specified network object.
- Added support for the *profile_action*, *color*, and *tags* arguments in the ***checkpoint-threat-indicator-update*** command.
- Added support for the *domain_names*, *filter*, and *details_level* arguments in the ***checkpoint-threat-indicator-list*** command.
- Added support for the *color*, *comments*, and *tags* arguments in the ***checkpoint-application-site-update*** command.
- Added support for the *details_level* argument in the ***checkpoint-host-get*** command.
- Added support for the *nat_auto_rule*, *nat_ip*, *nat_hide_behind*, *nat_install_on*, *nat_method*, *comments*, *color*, and *tags* arguments in the ***checkpoint-address-range-add*** command.
- Added support for the *color*, *details_level*, and *tags* arguments in the ***checkpoint-group-update*** command.
- Added support for the *details_level* and *domains_to_process* arguments in the ***checkpoint-host-list*** command.
- Added support for the *details_level* and *show_hits* arguments in the ***checkpoint-access-rule-list*** command.
- Added support for the *interfaces_mask_length*, *nat_auto_rule*, *nat_ip*, *nat_hide_behind*, *interfaces_name*, *nat_install_on*, *color*, *tags*, *interfaces_subnet*, and *nat_method* arguments in the ***checkpoint-host-update*** command.
- Added support for the *interfaces_mask_length*, *nat_auto_rule*, *nat_ip*, *nat_hide_behind*, *interfaces_name*, *nat_install_on*, *comments*, *color*, *tags*, *interfaces_subnet*, and *nat_method* arguments in the ***checkpoint-host-add*** command.
- Added support for the *action*, *comments*, *color*, *tags*, *ignore_warnings*, and *profile_action* arguments in the ***checkpoint-threat-indicator-add*** command.
- Added support for the *details_level* argument in the ***checkpoint-group-get*** command.
- Added support for the *nat_ip*, *nat_hide_behind*, *nat_install_on*, *color*, *tags*, and *nat_method* arguments in the ***checkpoint-address-range-update*** command.
- Added support for the *members*, *comments*, *color*, *ignore_errors*, *tags*, and *ignore_warnings* arguments in the ***checkpoint-group-add*** command.
- Added support for the *track_per_session*, *install_on*, *enabled*, *comments*, *track_type*, and *track_accounting* arguments in the ***checkpoint-access-rule-add*** command.
- Added support for the *color*, *description*, *comments*, and *tags* arguments in the ***checkpoint-application-site-add*** command.
- Added support for the *source_remove*, *track_per_session*, *install_on*, *comments*, *destination_remove*, *track_type*, *destination_add*, *track_accounting*, *service_remove*, *service_add*, and *source_add* arguments in the ***checkpoint-access-rule-update*** command.
- Added support for the *details_level* and *domains_to_process* arguments in the ***checkpoint-application-site-list*** command.
- Added support for the *details_level* and *domains_to_process* arguments in the ***checkpoint-address-range-list*** command.
- Added support for the *filter*, *domains_to_process*, and *details_level* arguments in the ***checkpoint-group-list*** command.
