
#### Integrations

##### CheckPoint Firewall v2

- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.12.13.7444307*.
- Added support for the *profile_action*, *color*, and *tags* arguments in the ***checkpoint-threat-indicator-update*** command.
- Added support for the *domain_names*, *filter*, and *details_level* arguments in the ***checkpoint-threat-indicator-list*** command.
- Added support for the *color*, *comments*, and *tags* arguments in the ***checkpoint-application-site-update*** command.
- Added support for the *details_level* argument in the ***checkpoint-host-get*** command.
- Added support for the *nat_auto_rule*, *nat_ip*, *nat_hide_behind*, *nat_install_on*, *nat_method*, *comments*, *color*, and *tags* arguments in the ***checkpoint-address-range-add*** command.
- Added support for the *color*, *details_level*, and *tags* arguments in the ***checkpoint-group-update*** command.
- Added support for the *details_level* and *domains_to_process* arguments in the ***checkpoint-host-list*** command.
- Added support for the *details_level* and *show_hits* arguments in the ***checkpoint-access-rule-list*** command.
- Added support for the *interfaces_mask_length*, *nat_auto_rule*, *nat_ip*, *nat_hide_behind*, *interfaces_name*, *nat_install_on*, *color*, *tags*, *interfaces_subnet*, and *nat_method* arguments in the ***checkpoint-host-update*** command.
- Added support for the *interfaces_mask_length*, *nat_auto_rule*, *nat_ip*, *nat_hide_behind*, *interfaces_name*, *nat_install_on*, *comments*, *color*, *tags*, *interfaces_subnet*, and *nat_method* arguments in the ***checkpoint-host-add*** command.
- Added support for the *action*, *comments*, *color*, *tags*, *ignore_warnings*, and *profile_action* arguments in the ***checkpoint-threat-indicator-add*** command.
- Added support for the *details_level* argument in the ***checkpoint-group-get*** command.
- Added support for the *nat_ip*, *nat_hide_behind*, *nat_install_on*, *color*, *tags*, and *nat_method* arguments in the ***checkpoint-address-range-update*** command.
- Added support for the *members*, *comments*, *color*, *ignore_errors*, *tags*, and *ignore_warnings* arguments in the ***checkpoint-group-add*** command.
- Added support for the *track_per_session*, *install_on*, *enabled*, *comments*, *track_type*, and *track_accounting* arguments in the ***checkpoint-access-rule-add*** command.
- Added support for the *color*, *description*, *comments*, and *tags* arguments in the ***checkpoint-application-site-add*** command.
- Added support for the *source_remove*, *track_per_session*, *install_on*, *comments*, *destination_remove*, *track_type*, *destination_add*, *track_accounting*, *service_remove*, *service_add*, and *source_add* arguments in the ***checkpoint-access-rule-update*** command.
- Added support for the *details_level* and *domains_to_process* arguments in the ***checkpoint-application-site-list*** command.
- Added support for the *details_level* and *domains_to_process* arguments in the ***checkpoint-address-range-list*** command.
- Added support for the *filter*, *domains_to_process*, and *details_level* arguments in the ***checkpoint-group-list*** command.
