#### Incident Fields

- New: **Microsoft Graph Security Id**
- New: **Microsoft Graph Security Recommended Action**
- New: **Microsoft Graph Security Service Source**
- New: **Microsoft Graph Security Alert Determination**
- New: **Microsoft Graph Security Comment**
- New: **Microsoft Graph Security Detector Id**
- New: **Microsoft Graph Security Alert Evidence**

#### Incident Types

- New: **Graph Security Alert**

#### Integrations
##### Microsoft Graph Security

- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/crypto:1.0.0.55191*.
- Added the command **msg-create-alert-comment**, this command is supported only when using API V2.
- Added the **MS graph security version** integration param, this param will decide the version of the api to use. Note: the default version is V2 which causes breaking changes and demands reconfiguring with new credentials. If you're using self-deployed application please refer to the readme to the integration readme to the `Required Permissions -> API V2` section to learn about the required permissions. Otherwise, please refer to the link in the `Help` section in the integration configuration window.
- Added the **Fetch incidents of the given service sources only.** integration param, use this param to filter fetched alerts by service source. **Only relevant when using V2 of the API**.
- Added support for V2 of the API for the following commands: **msg-search-alerts**, **msg-get-alert-details**, **msg-update-alert**. For more information, please refer to the integration readme.
- Note: changed the display name of the following integration params: **First fetch time range** and **How many incidents to fetch each time** to **First fetch timestamp (<number> <time unit>, e.g., 12 hours, 7 days)** and **Max incidents per fetch** respectively.
- Added
- Added the **page**, **page_size** and **limit** arguments to **msg-search-alerts** command, please refer to the documentation for more information about the usage and limitations.

#### Mappers

##### New: Graph Security Alert
- Added a mapper **Graph Security Alert**, use this mapper to map incidents fetched from the V2 of the api.