
#### Incident Fields

##### Microsoft 365 Defender Mailboxes

- Added a new incident field to display mailboxes information mirrored from Microsoft 365 Defender incidents.

##### Microsoft 365 Defender Classification

- Updated the field type to **"single select"**, possible values:  
  `TruePositive - MultiStagedAttack`, `TruePositive - MaliciousUserActivity`, `TruePositive - Malware`, `TruePositive - Phishing`, `TruePositive - CompromisedAccount`, `TruePositive - UnwantedSoftware`, `TruePositive - Other`,  
  `InformationalExpectedActivity - SecurityTesting`, `InformationalExpectedActivity - LineOfBusinessApplication`, `InformationalExpectedActivity - ConfirmedActivity`, `InformationalExpectedActivity - Other`,  
  `FalsePositive - NotMalicious`, `FalsePositive - NoEnoughDataToValidate`, `FalsePositive - Other`, `Unknown`.


##### Microsoft 365 Defender Comments

- Added a new field to display comments from Microsoft 365 Defender incidents.   

##### Microsoft 365 Defender Categories count

- Updated the field to dynamically display alert categories count from Microsoft 365 Defender incidents rather than a predefined list of categories.

##### Microsoft 365 Defender Status

- Updated the field type to **single select**. Possible values are: `Active`, `In Progress`, `Resolved`, `Redirected`.


#### Integrations
##### Microsoft 365 Defender
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/crypto:1.0.0.2005673*.


- Updated the ***microsoft-365-defender-incident-update*** command to enforce correct matching between classification and determination values. 

<~XSOAR>
- Added support for incident mirroring capabilities (Incoming and Outgoing).  
- Added the following configuration parameters:  
  - **Comment Entry Tag To Microsoft 365 Defender**: Specify a tag for mirroring XSOAR entries as comments to Microsoft 365 Defender.  
  - **Comment Entry Tag From Microsoft 365 Defender**: Specify a tag for tagging comments mirrored from Microsoft 365 Defender.  
  - **Incident Mirroring Direction**: `Incoming`, `Outgoing`, `Incoming And Outgoing`.  
  - **Close Mirrored XSOAR Incident**: Allows mirroring closure from Microsoft 365 Defender to XSOAR.  
  - **Close Mirrored Microsoft 365 Defender Incident**: Allows mirroring closure from XSOAR to Microsoft 365 Defender.
</~XSOAR>

#### Layouts

##### Microsoft 365 Defender - Layout
- Added new and existing fields to the **Incident Info** section.
  - Microsoft 365 Defender Display Name  
  - Microsoft 365 Defender Status  
  - Incident Link  
  - Assigned User  
  - Microsoft 365 Comments  
- Added a new **Add Comment to Microsoft 365 Defender** button to allow adding comments directly to the Microsoft 365 Defender incident.
- Added the **Assets** section to replace the existing **Devices** and **Users** sections.  
  - Transferred all relevant information about assets into the new **Assets** section, including:  
    - Mailboxes  
    - Devices  
    - Users  
  - This ensures a unified view of all asset-related information for improved clarity and usability.
  

#### Mappers

##### Microsoft 365 Defender - Outgoing Mapper

- Added a new outgoing mapper for mirroring Cortex XSOAR incident fields to Microsoft 365 Defender.

##### Microsoft 365 Defender - Incoming Mapper

- Added a new mapping for new fields:  **Microsoft 365 Defender Mailboxes** , **Microsoft 365 Defender Comments**.
- Added a new mapping for existing fields:  **Incident Link** and **Assigned User**.
- Updated the mapping for the **Microsoft 365 Defender Classification** field to combine the classification and determination values from Microsoft 365 Defender.

#### Scripts

##### MS365DefenderCountIncidentCategories
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.12.8.1983910*.

Updated to calculate and display the dynamic count of alert categories.


##### MS365DefenderAddComment

- Added a new script to add a comment to a Microsoft 365 Defender incident. To be run within the incident.

