
#### Incident Fields
- **Created Time**
- **Jira Attachments**
- **Jira Description**
- **Jira Due Date**
- **Jira Labels**
- **Jira Priority**
- **Jira Reporter Email**
- **Jira Reporter Name**
- **Jira Status**
- **Jira Summary**
- **Jira Transitions**
- **Jira Issue Key**
- **Jira ID**

#### Layouts
##### Jira Incident Layout
- Breaking backward compatibility for the purpose of improving visibility.   

#### Playbooks
##### New: Create Jira Issue
- Create Jira issue allows you to open new tickets as a task from a parent playbook.
When creating the ticket, you can decide to update based on the ticket's state, which will wait for the ticket to resolve or close with StatePolling. 
Alternatively, you can select to mirror the Jira issue and incident fields.  To apply either of these options, set the SyncTicket value in the playbook inputs to one of the following options: 
1. StatePolling
2. Mirror
3. Leave Blank to use none. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.0.0).

##### New: Jira Ticket State Polling
- Use Jira Incident State Polling as a sub-playbook when required to pause the execution of a master playbook until the Jira ticket state is either resolved or closed.
This playbook implements polling by continuously running the jira-get-issue command until the state is either resolved or closed. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.0.0).

##### New: Mirror Jira Ticket
- Mirror Jira Ticket is designed to serve as a sub-playbook, which enables ticket mirroring with Jira. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.0.0).

#### Incident Types
- **Jira Create Issue and Mirror**
- **Jira Incident**

#### Integrations
##### Atlassian Jira v2
- Integration description updated. 

#### Mappers
##### classifier-mapper-incoming-JiraV2
- Added Jira Create Issue and Mirror incident type to the mapper. 
