
#### Playbooks

##### A successful SSO sign-in from TOR

Added new tags for Mitre ATT&CK Tactic and Technique.

##### New: Office process creates a scheduled task via file access

New: This playbook handles "Office process creates a scheduled task via file access" alerts.

Playbook Stages:

Analysis:
During the analysis, the playbook will perform the following:

- Checks the Office file path for any suspicious locations.
- Checks the initiator process prevalence.
- Checks the initiator process reputation.
- Extracts the local path of the Office file and runs a script to calculate the Office file hash.
- Checks if the hash of the Office file identified as malicious.
- Checks if the initiator process is non-prevalent with suspicious reputation or path.

Investigation:
During the alert investigation, the playbook will perform the following:

- Searches for related Cortex XSIAM alerts and insights on the endpoint by specific alert names or by the following MITRE techniques to identify malicious activity: T1055 - Process Injection, T1566 - Phishing. If related alerts are found, the playbook will automatically disable the malicious scheduled task.

Remediation:

- Automatically disable the malicious scheduled task.
- Automatically terminate the causality process.
- Quarantine the Office file (requires analyst approval).
- Automatically close the alert.


#### Triggers Recommendations

##### New: Office process creates a scheduled task via file access

New: This trigger is responsible for handling 'Office process creates a scheduled task via file access' alerts.
