
#### Playbooks

##### New: Unusual process accessed web browser credentials and executed by a terminal process

New: This playbook handles "Unusual process accessed web browser credentials and executed by a terminal process" alerts.

Playbook Stages:

Analysis:
During the analysis, the playbook will perform the following:

- Checks the Initiator file path for any suspicious locations.
- Check the initiator process reputation.

If the file is malicious, it proceeds to remediation actions; otherwise, it continues to the investigation phase.

Investigation:
During the alert investigation, the playbook will perform the following:

- Searches for related XSIAM alerts and insights on the endpoint by specific alert names or by the following MITRE technique to identify malicious activity:  T1555.001 - Credentials from Password Stores: Keychain.

The playbook determines the appropriate verdict. If related alerts or insights are found, it proceeds to remediation actions; otherwise, it closes the alert with the message "No indication of malicious activity was found.

Remediation:

- Automatically terminate the causality process.
- Quarantine the initiator file if its reputation is malicious, if medium- to high-severity alerts indicating malicious activity are found, or if related insights are found and the initiator is running from a suspicious path. (This action requires analyst approval).
- Automatically Close the alert.


#### Triggers Recommendations

##### New: Unusual process accessed web browser credentials and executed by a terminal process

New: This trigger is responsible for handling 'Unusual process accessed web browser credentials and executed by a terminal process' alerts.
