
#### Playbooks

##### New: silent-MFA was disabled for an Azure identity

**This playbook addresses the following alerts**:
- MFA was disabled for an Azure identity
- MFA was disabled for an Azure identity from a new country

**Playbook Stages**:

**Triage**:
- Gather initial information about the initiating user.
**Investigation**:
- **IP Enrichment**:
  - Analyze the reputation of the initiating user IP addresses.
- **Azure Detection Analysis**:
  - Investigate recent Azure security alerts for the initiating user to detect additional suspicious activity.
  - If any detections found, investigate the related user agent. 
- **User Risk Analysis**:
  - Assess the risk level of the initiating user based on XSIAM Core and Azure risk score.
  - Investigate reasons behind any identified risks, including recent detections.
- **Attacker Geolocation Analysis:**:
  - Investigate the initiating user connection geolocation.
- **Insights Analysis**:
  - Investigate the XSIAM insights that related to the initiating user to detect additional suspicious activity.

**Verdict & Containment**:
- If any suspicious evidence is found during the investigation phase and the integration "Microsoft Graph User" integration is enabled, the playbook will revoke the sessions of the initiating user and the destination user. If the integration is not enabled, the playbook will recommend to perform the same action but manually.
- If any suspicious evidence found during the Azure detection analysis, Attacker geolocation analysis and Insight analysis investigations, and the integration "Microsoft Graph User" is enabled, the playbook will revoke the sessions of the initiating user and the destination user and will recommend manually to disable either one of the users or both of the users. If the integration is not enabled, the playbook will recommend to perform the same action but manually.

**Requirements:**:
- `Azure Risky Users` for retrieving user risk scores.
- `Microsoft 365 Defender` for advanced hunting queries and Azure security alerts.
- `Microsoft Graph User` for disabling accounts and revoking sessions.<~XSIAM> (Available from Cortex XSIAM %%XSIAM_VERSION%%).</~XSIAM>

##### SSO Brute Force

- Updated the SSO Brute Force playbook to continue on error in the task "Check IP Reputation"

#### Triggers Recommendations

##### New: silent-MFA was disabled for an Azure identity

- New: Added a new triggers recommendation- silent-MFA was disabled for an Azure identity that This trigger runs the A MFA was disabled for an Azure identity playbook, which handles the 'MFA was disabled for an Azure identity' and 'MFA was disabled for an Azure identity from a new country' alerts.
<~XSIAM> (Available from Cortex XSIAM %%XSIAM_VERSION%%).</~XSIAM>
