
#### Playbooks

##### New: Execution of an uncommon process at an early startup stage

This playbook is designed to handle the following alerts:
- Execution of an uncommon process at an early startup stage with suspicious characteristics.
- Execution of an uncommon process with a local/domain user SID at an early startup stage with suspicious characteristics.

##### Playbook Stages:

Analysis:

- Checks the process's reputation.

###### Investigation:

- Searches for related Cortex XSIAM alerts to identify potential attack patterns with persistence mechanisms.
- Checks for any suspicious parameters in the command line (if the command line risk score is medium or higher).
- Checks the Action process prevalence.

Verdict:

If the playbook detects that the Action process is globally prevalent and the other conditions in the investigation stage do not match, it closes the alert as a False Positive.

If the playbook detects that any of the following conditions are met:
- The process reputation is malicious.
- Related alerts were found.
- The command line risk score is medium or higher.

The playbook proceeds with remediation actions. Otherwise, it presents the investigation data to the analyst for decision-making on the appropriate action.



Remediation:

- Terminate the malicious process.
- Quarantine the malicious process. (Requires analyst approval.)
- Add the malicious process hash to the block list. (Requires analyst approval.)
- Automatically close the alert.


#### Triggers Recommendations

##### New: Execution of an uncommon process at an early startup stage

- New: Added a new triggers recommendation- Execution of an uncommon process at an early startup stage that This trigger is responsible for handling the 'Execution of an uncommon process at an early startup stage with suspicious characteristics' and the 'Execution of an uncommon process with a local/domain user SID at an early startup stage with suspicious characteristics' alerts.
