
#### Playbooks

##### New: Azure AD PIM role settings change

##### This playbook addresses the following alerts:

- Azure AD PIM role settings change

##### Playbook Stages:

###### Triage:

- Collect initial alert data regarding the Azure AD role settings modification.

###### Investigation:

- Analyze the impact of the role settings changes, categorizing them as high or moderate risk.
- Determine if the changes affect privileged roles in Azure AD.
- Correlate recent user activity with related security alerts.
- Assess the user's risk status in Azure AD and Cortex XDR.
- Evaluate the reputation of the IP address used for the changes.

###### Containment:

- Automatically revoke the user's active sessions across all applications.
- Present findings to an analyst for review and potential user account disablement.

##### Requirements:

For response actions, you need the following integrations:

- Cortex Core - Investigation and Response
- Microsoft Graph User.

##### New: SPNs cleared from a machine account

##### This playbook addresses the following alerts:

- SPNs cleared from a machine account
- SPNs cleared from a machine account for the first time

##### Playbook Stages:

###### Triage:

- Retrieve additional data about the Account Changed event, including the Machine Account whose SPNs were cleared and the number of times the user cleared SPNs in the last 30 days.

###### Investigation:

- Search for creation of suspicious account on the Domain Controller.
- Search for suspicious TGT/Service ticket requests.
- Search for user insights associated with malicious tools related to Kerberos ticket manipulation.
- Search for suspicious account renames, particularly to mimic DC name.
- Search for additional alerts in the incident that could indicate attempts to find controlled accounts or create accounts.

###### Containment:

- For alerts determined to be true positives, prompt the analyst to decide whether to disable the user account.
- Upon analyst approval: Disable the suspicious user account in Active Directory.

##### Requirements:

For response actions, you need the following integrations:

- Active Directory Query v2

#### Triggers Recommendations

##### New: Azure AD PIM role settings change

- New: Added a new triggers recommendation- Azure AD PIM role settings change that This trigger is responsible for handling alerts where role settings inside Azure AD Privileged Identity Management (PIM) have been changed.
<~XSIAM> (Available from Cortex XSIAM %%XSIAM_VERSION%%).</~XSIAM>

##### New: SPNs cleared from a machine account

- New: Added a new trigger recommendation - SPNs cleared from a machine account. This trigger is responsible for handling alerts where the Service Principal Names (SPNs) are cleared from a domain machine account.

