
#### Triggers Recommendations

##### silent-First seen Azure admin consent to an application

- Updated the silent-First seen Azure admin consent to an application triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### Unprivileged process opened a registry hive

- Updated the Unprivileged process opened a registry hive triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### silent-AppleScript Process Executed With Rare Command Line Test

- Updated the silent-AppleScript Process Executed With Rare Command Line Test triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### Endpoint initiated uncommon remote scheduled task creation

- Updated the Endpoint initiated uncommon remote scheduled task creation triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### silent-User added to local administrator group using a PowerShell command Test

- Updated the silent-User added to local administrator group using a PowerShell command Test triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### silent-Azure AD PIM role settings change

- Updated the silent-Azure AD PIM role settings change triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### A user deleted multiple users for the first time

- Updated the A user deleted multiple users for the first time triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### Msiexec execution of an executable from an uncommon remote location

- Updated the Msiexec execution of an executable from an uncommon remote location triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### CVE-2025-31324 - SAP NetWeaver Visual Composer

- Updated the CVE-2025-31324 - SAP NetWeaver Visual Composer triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### silent-SPNs cleared from a machine account

- Updated the silent-SPNs cleared from a machine account triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### Suspicious certutil command line

- Updated the Suspicious certutil command line triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### silent-Credential Dumping using a known tool Test

- Updated the silent-Credential Dumping using a known tool Test triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### silent-A user deleted multiple users for the first time

- Updated the silent-A user deleted multiple users for the first time triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### SSO Brute Force Activity

- Updated the SSO Brute Force Activity triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### Authentication method added to an Azure account

- Updated the Authentication method added to an Azure account triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### Suspicious LDAP search query

- Updated the Suspicious LDAP search query triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### A user executed multiple LDAP enumeration queries

- Updated the A user executed multiple LDAP enumeration queries triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### silent-Suspicious LDAP search query Test

- Updated the silent-Suspicious LDAP search query Test triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### Uncommon remote scheduled task created

- Updated the Uncommon remote scheduled task created triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### External Login Password Spray

- Updated the External Login Password Spray triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### Excessive User Account Lockouts

- Updated the Excessive User Account Lockouts triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### Exchange forwarding rule configured

- Updated the Exchange forwarding rule configured triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### silent-Compromise Accounts - User has rejected numerous SSO MFA attempts Test

- Updated the silent-Compromise Accounts - User has rejected numerous SSO MFA attempts Test triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### silent-Intense SSO failures with suspicious characteristics

- Updated the silent-Intense SSO failures with suspicious characteristics triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### silent-Suspicious execution from tmp folder Test

- Updated the silent-Suspicious execution from tmp folder Test triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### Exchange User Mailbox Forwarding

- Updated the Exchange User Mailbox Forwarding triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### Execution of an uncommon process at an early startup stage

- Updated the Execution of an uncommon process at an early startup stage triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### silent-Rundll32.exe executes a rare unsigned module

- Updated the silent-Rundll32.exe executes a rare unsigned module triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### Uncommon execution of ODBCConf

- Updated the Uncommon execution of ODBCConf triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### silent-Office process creates a scheduled task via file access Test

- Updated the silent-Office process creates a scheduled task via file access Test triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### silent-Azure AD account unlock or password reset Test

- Updated the silent-Azure AD account unlock or password reset Test triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### User added to local administrator group using a PowerShell command

- Updated the User added to local administrator group using a PowerShell command triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### silent-Unprivileged process opened a registry hive Test

- Updated the silent-Unprivileged process opened a registry hive Test triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### Suspicious execution from tmp folder

- Updated the Suspicious execution from tmp folder triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### silent-A Successful login from TOR Test

- Updated the silent-A Successful login from TOR Test triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### silent-Uncommon creation or access operation of sensitive shadow copy by a high-risk process Test

- Updated the silent-Uncommon creation or access operation of sensitive shadow copy by a high-risk process Test triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### silent-A mail forwarding rule was configured in Google Workspace Test

- Updated the silent-A mail forwarding rule was configured in Google Workspace Test triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### silent-Unsigned and unpopular process performed an injection Test

- Updated the silent-Unsigned and unpopular process performed an injection Test triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### Uncommon creation or access operation of sensitive shadow copy by a high-risk process

- Updated the Uncommon creation or access operation of sensitive shadow copy by a high-risk process triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### silent-SSO Authentication With Suspicious Characteristics Test

- Updated the silent-SSO Authentication With Suspicious Characteristics Test triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### Suspicious SaaS Access From a TOR Exit Node

- Updated the Suspicious SaaS Access From a TOR Exit Node triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### Azure AD account unlock or password reset

- Updated the Azure AD account unlock or password reset triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### Scheduled task created with HTTP or FTP reference

- Updated the Scheduled task created with HTTP or FTP reference triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### Unusual process accessed web browser credentials and executed by a terminal process

- Updated the Unusual process accessed web browser credentials and executed by a terminal process triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### Intense SSO failures with suspicious characteristics

- Updated the Intense SSO failures with suspicious characteristics triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### silent-External Login Password Spray Test

- Updated the silent-External Login Password Spray Test triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### silent-Remote WMI Process Execution Test

- Updated the silent-Remote WMI Process Execution Test triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### silent-Execution of an uncommon process at an early startup stage by Windows system binary

- Updated the silent-Execution of an uncommon process at an early startup stage by Windows system binary triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### SSO Password Spray

- Updated the SSO Password Spray triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### silent-Recurring rare domain access from an unsigned process

- Updated the silent-Recurring rare domain access from an unsigned process triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### Office process creates a scheduled task via file access

- Updated the Office process creates a scheduled task via file access triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### Suspicious process execution by scheduled task on a sensitive server

- Updated the Suspicious process execution by scheduled task on a sensitive server triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### A mail forwarding rule was configured in Google Workspace

- Updated the A mail forwarding rule was configured in Google Workspace triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### Remote WMI Process Execution

- Updated the Remote WMI Process Execution triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### Unsigned and unpopular process performed an injection

- Updated the Unsigned and unpopular process performed an injection triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### silent-Execution of an uncommon process at an early startup stage

- Updated the silent-Execution of an uncommon process at an early startup stage triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### silent-Authentication method added to an Azure account

- Updated the silent-Authentication method added to an Azure account triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### silent-Suspicious certutil command line Test

- Updated the silent-Suspicious certutil command line Test triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### silent-WmiPrvSe.exe Rare Child Command Line

- Updated the silent-WmiPrvSe.exe Rare Child Command Line triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### silent-Alert Trigger - Suspicious Hidden User Created

- Updated the silent-Alert Trigger - Suspicious Hidden User Created triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### silent-Netcat Makes or Gets Connections Test

- Updated the silent-Netcat Makes or Gets Connections Test triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### silent-A user created a pfx in a suspicious folder for the first time

- Updated the silent-A user created a pfx in a suspicious folder for the first time triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### silent-Successful guest user invitation Test

- Updated the silent-Successful guest user invitation Test triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### silent-Endpoint initiated uncommon remote scheduled task creation Test

- Updated the silent-Endpoint initiated uncommon remote scheduled task creation Test triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### A successful SSO sign-in from TOR

- Updated the A successful SSO sign-in from TOR triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### Suspicious Conditional Access operation for an identity

- Updated the Suspicious Conditional Access operation for an identity triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### silent-Event Log Was Cleared Test

- Updated the silent-Event Log Was Cleared Test triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### silent-Scheduled task created with HTTP or FTP reference Test

- Updated the silent-Scheduled task created with HTTP or FTP reference Test triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### AppleScript Process Executed With Rare Command Line

- Updated the AppleScript Process Executed With Rare Command Line triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### SPNs cleared from a machine account

- Updated the SPNs cleared from a machine account triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### silent-Alert Trigger - Suspicious Hidden User Created Test

- Updated the silent-Alert Trigger - Suspicious Hidden User Created Test triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### silent-A successful SSO sign-in from TOR Test

- Updated the silent-A successful SSO sign-in from TOR Test triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### SSO Authentication With Suspicious Characteristics

- Updated the SSO Authentication With Suspicious Characteristics triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### Successful guest user invitation

- Updated the Successful guest user invitation triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### Event Log Was Cleared

- Updated the Event Log Was Cleared triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### silent-Windows LOLBIN scripting engine connected to a rare external host

- Updated the silent-Windows LOLBIN scripting engine connected to a rare external host triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### silent-MFA was disabled for an Azure identity

- Updated the silent-MFA was disabled for an Azure identity triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### silent-Suspicious process execution by scheduled task on a sensitive server Test

- Updated the silent-Suspicious process execution by scheduled task on a sensitive server Test triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### Suspicious local administrator login

- Updated the Suspicious local administrator login triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### silent-Exchange forwarding rule configured Test

- Updated the silent-Exchange forwarding rule configured Test triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### Credential Dumping using a known tool

- Updated the Credential Dumping using a known tool triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### silent-Suspicious Port Scan

- Updated the silent-Suspicious Port Scan triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### silent-Suspicious local administrator login Test

- Updated the silent-Suspicious local administrator login Test triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### silent-Suspicious User access to multiple resources via SSO

- Updated the silent-Suspicious User access to multiple resources via SSO triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### silent-Excessive User Account Lockouts Test

- Updated the silent-Excessive User Account Lockouts Test triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### silent-Exchange User Mailbox Forwarding Test

- Updated the silent-Exchange User Mailbox Forwarding Test triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### silent-First Azure AD PowerShell operation for a user

- Updated the silent-First Azure AD PowerShell operation for a user triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### silent-CVE-2025-31324 - SAP NetWeaver Visual Composer

- Updated the silent-CVE-2025-31324 - SAP NetWeaver Visual Composer triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### Alert Trigger - Suspicious Hidden User Created

- Updated the Alert Trigger - Suspicious Hidden User Created triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### silent-Azure Temporary Access Pass (TAP) registered to an account

- Updated the silent-Azure Temporary Access Pass (TAP) registered to an account triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### Compromise Accounts - User has rejected numerous SSO MFA attempts

- Updated the Compromise Accounts - User has rejected numerous SSO MFA attempts triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### Script file added to startup-related Registry keys

- Updated the Script file added to startup-related Registry keys triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### silent-A user executed multiple LDAP enumeration queries Test

- Updated the silent-A user executed multiple LDAP enumeration queries Test triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### Azure Temporary Access Pass (TAP) registered to an account

- Updated the Azure Temporary Access Pass (TAP) registered to an account triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### SSO Brute Force

- Updated the SSO Brute Force triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### First Azure AD PowerShell operation for a user

- Updated the First Azure AD PowerShell operation for a user triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### silent-SSO Brute Force Activity Test

- Updated the silent-SSO Brute Force Activity Test triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### silent-Uncommon remote scheduled task created Test

- Updated the silent-Uncommon remote scheduled task created Test triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### silent-SSO Password Spray Test

- Updated the silent-SSO Password Spray Test triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### silent-Suspicious Powershell Command Execution

- Updated the silent-Suspicious Powershell Command Execution triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### silent-Msiexec execution of an executable from an uncommon remote location Test

- Updated the silent-Msiexec execution of an executable from an uncommon remote location Test triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### silent-Uncommon execution of ODBCConf Test

- Updated the silent-Uncommon execution of ODBCConf Test triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### silent-Azure AD Administrator Role Assignment

- Updated the silent-Azure AD Administrator Role Assignment triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### silent-Suspicious local user account creation

- Updated the silent-Suspicious local user account creation triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### silent-Unusual process accessed web browser credentials and executed by a terminal process Test

- Updated the silent-Unusual process accessed web browser credentials and executed by a terminal process Test triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### MFA was disabled for an Azure identity

- Updated the MFA was disabled for an Azure identity triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### Azure AD PIM role settings change

- Updated the Azure AD PIM role settings change triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### silent-Suspicious SaaS Access From a TOR Exit Node Test

- Updated the silent-Suspicious SaaS Access From a TOR Exit Node Test triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### silent-Script file added to startup-related Registry keys

- Updated the silent-Script file added to startup-related Registry keys triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### A Successful login from TOR

- Updated the A Successful login from TOR triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
##### CVE-2025-49704 and CVE-2025-49706 and CVE-2025-53770 and CVE-2025-53771 - Microsoft SharePoint ToolShell vulnerability chain

- Updated the CVE-2025-49704 and CVE-2025-49706 and CVE-2025-53770 and CVE-2025-53771 - Microsoft SharePoint ToolShell vulnerability chain triggers recommendation to auto adopt automation rules.
