
#### Playbooks

##### New: CVE-2025-59287 - Microsoft WSUS Remote Code Execution

CVE-2025-59287 - Microsoft WSUS Remote Code Execution


## Vulnerability Overview

- **Vulnerability Name**: Microsoft Windows Server Update Service (WSUS) Deserialization of Untrusted Data Vulnerability
- **CVE ID**: CVE-2025-59287 
- **CVSS Score**: 9.8 (Critical) 


An unauthenticated remote code execution (RCE) vulnerability has been identified in Microsoft Windows Server Update Services (WSUS).
[Source: Unit42 - Palo Alto Networks](https://unit42.paloaltonetworks.com/microsoft-cve-2025-59287/)


## Mitigation and Recommendations

- **Apply Patch**
- **Restrict Access** to the vulnerable serves 
- **Monitor for IoCs and suspicious traffic** 

## Conclusion

CVE‑2025‑59287 is a critical, remotely exploitable vulnerability in WSUS that allows unauthenticated attackers to execute arbitrary code with SYSTEM privileges.

[View official CVE details on NIST](https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2025-59287)

## Playbook Triggers
- Manually
- "CVE Exploitation - 2037164431" or "CVE Exploitation - 3823999562" Agents rules

## Playbook Flow
1. Uses XQL to identify WSUS servers in your environment.
2. Collects IOCs from the Unit42 blog.
3. Uses XQL to detect any suspicious command lines indicative of exploitation of this vulnerability.
4. Investigates the command lines to identify malicious indicators related to the vulnerability.
5. Uses XQL to hunt for malicious IOCs.
6. Isolates compromised WSUS servers.
7. Blocks malicious indicators using the "Containment Plan – Block Indicators" playbook.
8. Provides mitigation recommendations.


#### Triggers Recommendations

##### CVE-2025-59287 - Microsoft WSUS Remote Code Execution

- New: Added a new trigger recommendation - this trigger runs the SAP NetWeaver Visual Composer playbook for 'CVE Exploitation - 2037164431' and 'CVE Exploitation - 3823999562' alerts.