
#### Playbooks

##### New: CVE-2025-55182 and CVE-2025-66478 - React and Next.js Remote Code Execution

 CVE-2025-55182  and CVE-2025-66478 - React and Next.js Remote Code Execution

## Vulnerability Overview

- **Vulnerability Name**: Insecure Deserialization in React Server Components (RSC) "Flight" Protocol (Also referred to as React2Shell)
- **CVE ID**: CVE-2025-55182 (Primary React RCE) and CVE-2025-66478 (Next.js RCE, affecting downstream implementations).
- **CVSS Score**: 10 (Critical)  


An unauthenticated Remote Code Execution (RCE) vulnerability exists in the core packages used by React Server Components (RSC), which are primarily exposed via the Next.js App Router. The flaw is an insecure deserialization issue in the RSC "Flight" protocol that allows an attacker to execute arbitrary code on the server by sending a single, crafted HTTP request. The vulnerability is present in default configurations of affected applications.
[Source: Unit42 - Palo Alto Networks](https://unit42.paloaltonetworks.com/cve-2025-55182-react-and-cve-2025-66478-next/)


## Mitigation and Recommendations

- **Apply Patch**
- **Restrict Access** to the vulnerable serves  
- **Monitor for IoCs and suspicious traffic**  

## Conclusion

CVE‑2025‑55182 is a critical, highly reliable, and unauthenticated RCE vulnerability in the modern React ecosystem. Due to its remote exploitability without user interaction or authentication, immediate patching is required to prevent server compromise.

[View official CVE details on NIST](https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2025-55182)

 Vulnerable Versions

**React**: Versions 19.0, 19.1, and 19.2
**Next.js**: Versions 15.x and 16.x (App Router), as well as Canary builds starting from 14.3.0
**Other frameworks**: Any library bundling the react-server implementation, including React Router, Waku, RedwoodSDK, Parcel and Vite RSC plugins


## Playbook Triggers
- Manually

## Playbook Flow
1. Collects IOCs from the Unit42 blog.
2. Uses XQL to detect any suspicious command lines indicative of exploitation of this vulnerability.
3. Investigates the command lines to identify malicious indicators related to the vulnerability.
4. Uses XQL to hunt for malicious IOCs.
5. Isolates possible compromised servers.
6. Blocks malicious indicators using the "Containment Plan – Block Indicators" playbook.
7. Provides mitigation recommendations.
