#### Integrations

##### New: Google Threat Intelligence - ASM Issues

- This integration allows the creation of incidents based on ASM Issues from Google Threat Intelligence.

- Added the following commands:

	- ***gti-asm-issue-list***
	- ***gti-asm-issue-get***
	- ***gti-asm-issue-status-update***

##### New: Google Threat Intelligence - DTM Alerts

- This integration allows the creation of incidents based on DTM Alerts from Google Threat Intelligence.

- Added the following commands:

	- ***gti-dtm-alert-list***
	- ***gti-dtm-alert-get***
	- ***gti-dtm-alert-status-update***

#### Incident Types

##### New: Google Threat Intelligence ASM Issue

- New: Added a new incident type- Google Threat Intelligence ASM Issue

##### New: Google Threat Intelligence DTM Alert

- New: Added a new incident type- Google Threat Intelligence DTM Alert

#### Incident Fields

##### New: GTI ASM Issue Alias Group

- New: Added a new incident field- GTI ASM Issue Alias Group to represent Group of related aliases associated with the issue.

##### New: GTI ASM Issue Category

- New: Added a new incident field- GTI ASM Issue Category to represent Category defined in the issue summary.

##### New: GTI ASM Issue Collection

- New: Added a new incident field- GTI ASM Issue Collection to represent Name of the collection where the issue belongs.

##### New: GTI ASM Issue Collection Type

- New: Added a new incident field- GTI ASM Issue Collection Type to represent Type of collection to which the issue is linked.

##### New: GTI ASM Issue Collection UUID

- New: Added a new incident field- GTI ASM Issue Collection UUID to represent UUID of the associated collection.

##### New: GTI ASM Issue Confidence

- New: Added a new incident field- GTI ASM Issue Confidence to represent Confidence score indicating the reliability of issue.

##### New: GTI ASM Issue Dynamic ID

- New: Added a new incident field- GTI ASM Issue Dynamic ID to represent Dynamic numerical identifier assigned to the issue.

##### New: GTI ASM Issue Entity Name

- New: Added a new incident field- GTI ASM Issue Entity Name to represent Name of the affected entity.

##### New: GTI ASM Issue Entity Type

- New: Added a new incident field- GTI ASM Issue Entity Type to represent Type of the affected entity (e.g., domain, IP, asset).

##### New: GTI ASM Issue Entity UID

- New: Added a new incident field- GTI ASM Issue Entity UID to represent Unique identifier of the affected entity.

##### New: GTI ASM Issue First Seen

- New: Added a new incident field- GTI ASM Issue First Seen to represent Timestamp when the issue was first observed.

##### New: GTI ASM Issue Identifiers

- New: Added a new incident field- GTI ASM Issue Identifiers to represent Identifiers included in the issue summary.

##### New: GTI ASM Issue Last Seen

- New: Added a new incident field- GTI ASM Issue Last Seen to represent Timestamp when the issue was last observed.

##### New: GTI ASM Issue Name

- New: Added a new incident field- GTI ASM Issue Name to represent User-friendly summary name of the issue.

##### New: GTI ASM Issue Organization UUID

- New: Added a new incident field- GTI ASM Issue Organization UUID to represent Unique identifier for Organization associated with the alert.

##### New: GTI ASM Issue Scoped

- New: Added a new incident field- GTI ASM Issue Scoped to Indicates whether the summary is scoped to a specific asset or context.

##### New: GTI ASM Issue Status

- New: Added a new incident field- GTI ASM Issue Status to represent Status value of the issue.

##### New: GTI ASM Issue Status New

- New: Added a new incident field- GTI ASM Issue Status New to represent Updated status of the issue summary.

##### New: GTI ASM Issue Status New Detailed

- New: Added a new incident field- GTI ASM Issue Status New Detailed to represent Detailed description of the updated issue summary status.

##### New: GTI ASM Issue Ticket List

- New: Added a new incident field- GTI ASM Issue Ticket List to represent List of tickets associated with the issue summary.

##### New: GTI ASM Issue UID

- New: Added a new incident field- GTI ASM Issue UID to represent Unique identifier of the issue.

##### New: GTI ASM Issue UUID

- New: Added a new incident field- GTI ASM Issue UUID to represent Universally unique identifier (UUID) of the issue.

##### New: GTI ASM Issue Upstream

- New: Added a new incident field- GTI ASM Issue Upstream to represent Upstream system or source responsible for reporting the issue.

##### New: GTI DTM Alert AI Doc Summary

- New: Added a new incident field- GTI DTM Alert AI Doc Summary to represent AI-generated summary of the document related to the DTM alert.

##### New: GTI DTM Alert Aggregation ID

- New: Added a new incident field- GTI DTM Alert Aggregation ID to represent ID under which the alert has been aggregated.

##### New: GTI DTM Alert Analysis

- New: Added a new incident field- GTI DTM Alert Analysis to Indicates whether the alert has an associated analysis.

##### New: GTI DTM Alert Attachments

- New: Added a new incident field- GTI DTM Alert Attachments to represent File attachments associated with the alert as part of the alert's analysis.

##### New: GTI DTM Alert Confidence Score

- New: Added a new incident field- GTI DTM Alert Confidence Score to represent Confidence score of the alert detection.

##### New: GTI DTM Alert Created At

- New: Added a new incident field- GTI DTM Alert Created At to represent Date and time when the alert was created.

##### New: GTI DTM Alert Doc Body

- New: Added a new incident field- GTI DTM Alert Doc Body to represent Full content or message body of the alert.

##### New: GTI DTM Alert Doc Description

- New: Added a new incident field- GTI DTM Alert Doc Description to represent Description associated with the document of the alert.

##### New: GTI DTM Alert Doc Details

- New: Added a new incident field- GTI DTM Alert Doc Details to represent Details of the source from DTM Alerts.

##### New: GTI DTM Alert Doc Domain

- New: Added a new incident field- GTI DTM Alert Doc Domain to represent Domain of the document associated with the alert.

##### New: GTI DTM Alert Doc ID

- New: Added a new incident field- GTI DTM Alert Doc ID to represent Unique document ID associated with the alert.

##### New: GTI DTM Alert Doc Ingested Time

- New: Added a new incident field- GTI DTM Alert Doc Ingested Time to represent The ingestion time of the document for that alert.

##### New: GTI DTM Alert Doc Item Type

- New: Added a new incident field- GTI DTM Alert Doc Item Type to represent Item type associated with document of the alert.

##### New: GTI DTM Alert Doc Language

- New: Added a new incident field- GTI DTM Alert Doc Language to represent Language of the tweet in the document associated with the alert.

##### New: GTI DTM Alert Doc Message ID

- New: Added a new incident field- GTI DTM Alert Doc Message ID to represent Message ID associated with Document of the alert.

##### New: GTI DTM Alert Doc Paste ID

- New: Added a new incident field- GTI DTM Alert Doc Paste ID to represent Unique Paste ID of document for the paste-type alert.

##### New: GTI DTM Alert Doc Post Date

- New: Added a new incident field- GTI DTM Alert Doc Post Date to represent Post Date of the document associated with the alert.

##### New: GTI DTM Alert Doc Raw Text

- New: Added a new incident field- GTI DTM Alert Doc Raw Text to represent Raw text of the document associated with the alert.

##### New: GTI DTM Alert Doc Similar Domains

- New: Added a new incident field- GTI DTM Alert Doc Similar Domains to represent Similar Domains of the document associated with the alert.

##### New: GTI DTM Alert Doc Source

- New: Added a new incident field- GTI DTM Alert Doc Source to represent Source of the generated document for alert.

##### New: GTI DTM Alert Doc Subject

- New: Added a new incident field- GTI DTM Alert Doc Subject to represent Subject of the Forum post document associated with alert.

##### New: GTI DTM Alert Doc Timestamp

- New: Added a new incident field- GTI DTM Alert Doc Timestamp to represent Timestamp of the document associated with the alert.

##### New: GTI DTM Alert Doc Title

- New: Added a new incident field- GTI DTM Alert Doc Title to represent Title associated with the document of the alert.

##### New: GTI DTM Alert Doc Topic ID

- New: Added a new incident field- GTI DTM Alert Doc Topic ID to represent Topic ID of the document associated with the alert.

##### New: GTI DTM Alert Doc Type

- New: Added a new incident field- GTI DTM Alert Doc Type to represent Type of document associated with the alert.

##### New: GTI DTM Alert Email Sent At

- New: Added a new incident field- GTI DTM Alert Email Sent At to represent Timestamp when the alert email was sent.

##### New: GTI DTM Alert Has Analysis

- New: Added a new incident field- GTI DTM Alert Has Analysis to Indicates whether the alert has an associated analysis.

##### New: GTI DTM Alert Indicator Malicious Score

- New: Added a new incident field- GTI DTM Alert Indicator Malicious Score to represent Malicious score of the indicator related to the alert.

##### New: GTI DTM Alert Labels

- New: Added a new incident field- GTI DTM Alert Labels to represent Details of the labels assigned to the alert.

##### New: GTI DTM Alert Monitor ID

- New: Added a new incident field- GTI DTM Alert Monitor ID to represent ID of monitor source that generated the alert.

##### New: GTI DTM Alert Monitor Name

- New: Added a new incident field- GTI DTM Alert Monitor Name to represent Name of the monitor source that generated the alert

##### New: GTI DTM Alert Monitor Version

- New: Added a new incident field- GTI DTM Alert Monitor Version to represent Version of the monitor source generating the alert.

##### New: GTI DTM Alert Similarity Score

- New: Added a new incident field- GTI DTM Alert Similarity Score to represent Similarity score between this alert and related alerts.

##### New: GTI DTM Alert Status

- New: Added a new incident field- GTI DTM Alert Status to represent Status of DTM alert.

##### New: GTI DTM Alert Summary

- New: Added a new incident field- GTI DTM Alert Summary to represent Summary of the DTM alert.

##### New: GTI DTM Alert Topics

- New: Added a new incident field- GTI DTM Alert Topics to represent Details of the extracted topic from DTM Alert.

##### New: GTI DTM Alert Type

- New: Added a new incident field- GTI DTM Alert Type to represent Type or category of the DTM alert.

##### New: GTI DTM Alert Updated At

- New: Added a new incident field- GTI DTM Alert Updated At to represent Date and time when the alert was last updated.

#### Layouts

##### New: Google Threat Intelligence ASM Issue

- New: Added a new layout- Google Threat Intelligence ASM Issue.

##### New: Google Threat Intelligence DTM Alert

- New: Added a new layout- Google Threat Intelligence DTM Alert.

#### Mappers

##### New: Google Threat Intelligence ASM Issues - Incoming Mapper

- New: Added a new mapper- Google Threat Intelligence ASM Issues - Incoming Mapper that Map incoming ASM issue JSON data to XSOAR fields.

##### New: Google Threat Intelligence DTM Alerts - Incoming Mapper

- New: Added a new mapper- Google Threat Intelligence DTM Alerts - Incoming Mapper that Map incoming DTM alert JSON data to XSOAR fields.
