
#### Dashboards

##### Troubleshooting Instances

- Updated the Troubleshooting Instances dashboard to add xsoar marketplace support.
##### API Execution Metrics

- Updated the API Execution Metrics dashboard to to add xsoar marketplace support.
##### Incidents

- Updated the Incidents dashboard to add xsoar marketplace support.
##### My Threat Landscape

- Updated the My Threat Landscape dashboard to add xsoar marketplace support.
##### Troubleshooting Playbooks

- Updated the Troubleshooting Playbooks dashboard to add xsoar marketplace support.
##### SLA

- Updated the SLA dashboard to add xsoar marketplace support.
##### Cost Optimization Playbooks

- Updated the Cost Optimization Playbooks dashboard to add xsoar marketplace support.
##### Threat Intelligence Feeds

- Updated the Threat Intelligence Feeds dashboard to add xsoar marketplace support.
##### Cost Optimization Instances

- Updated the Cost Optimization Instances dashboard to add xsoar marketplace support.
##### My Dashboard

- Updated the My Dashboard dashboard to add xsoar marketplace support.
##### XSOAR Automation Insights

- Updated the XSOAR Automation Insights dashboard to add xsoar marketplace support.

#### XSIAM Dashboards

##### New: Automation Insights

- New: Added a new xsiam dashboard- Automation Insights that Provides a high-level overview of the health and performance of automated processes, focusing on error rates, execution trends, and automation effectiveness.

##### New: Troubleshooting Instances

- New: Added a new xsiam dashboard- Troubleshooting Instances that Provides a detailed view of command and execution errors at the instance level.

##### New: Troubleshooting Playbooks

- New: Added a new xsiam dashboard- Troubleshooting Playbooks that Helps automation engineers and security analysts identify and resolve issues with playbooks and tasks, focusing on error analysis, execution failures, and runtime metrics.

