
#### Integrations
##### Mimecast Event Collector
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/fastapi:1.0.0.32142*.

##### Mimecast v2
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.10.6.33415*.
- Changed the ***App Id*** parameter to credentials type.
- Changed the ***User Email Address*** parameter to credentials type.
- Changed the ***App key*** parameter to credentials type.
- Changed the ***Secret Key*** parameter to credentials type.
- Added ***Held Messages*** to the ***fetch-incidents*** command.
- Added support for pagination in the ***mimecast-get-url-logs*** command. 
- Added support for pagination in the ***mimecast-get-impersonation-logs*** command. 
- Added support for pagination in the ***mimecast-get-attachment-logs*** command. 
- Added support for pagination in the ***mimecast-manage-sender*** command. 
- Added support for pagination in the ***mimecast-query*** command. 
- Added support for pagination in the ***mimecast-list-messages*** command. 
- Added support for pagination in the***mimecast-download-attachments*** command.
- Added the ***mimecast-search-message*** command.
- Added the ***mimecast-get-message-info*** command.
- Added the ***mimecast-list-held-message*** command.
- Added the ***mimecast-held-message-summary*** command.
- Added the ***mimecast-reject-held-message*** command.
- Added the ***mimecast-release-held-message*** command.
- Added the ***mimecast-search-processing-message*** command.
- Added the ***mimecast-list-email-queues*** command.```

