
#### Playbooks
##### New: Autofocus - Traffic Indicators Hunting
- Created a new playbook that queries the PANW Threat Intelligence Autofocus System for traffic indicators such as URLs, IP addresses, and domains. A simple search mode is used to query Autofocus based on the traffic indicators specified in the playbook inputs. Advanced search mode queries can also be used with multiple query parameters, but require all field names, parameters, and operators (JSON format) to be specified. It is recommended to use the Autofocus UI to create an advanced query, export it and paste it into the relevant playbook inputs. Note that multiple search values should be separated by commas only (without spaces or any special characters). (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.5.0).

##### New: Autofocus - File Indicators Hunting
- Created a new playbook that queries the PANW Threat Intelligence Autofocus System for file indicators such as MD5, SHA256, and SHA1 hashes. A simple search mode is used to query Autofocus based on the file indicators specified in the playbook inputs. Advanced search mode queries can also be used with multiple query parameters, but require all field names, parameters, and operators (JSON format) to be specified. It is recommended to use the Autofocus UI to create an advanced query, export it and paste it into the relevant playbook inputs. Note that multiple search values should be separated by commas only (without spaces or any special characters). (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.5.0).

##### New: Autofocus - Hunting And Threat Detection
- Created a new playbook that queries the PANW Threat Intelligence Autofocus System for file and traffic indicators, such as SHA256, SHA1, MD5, IP addresses, URLs, and domains. A simple search mode is used to query Autofocus based on the indicators specified in the playbook inputs. Advanced search mode queries can also be used with multiple query parameters, but require all field names, parameters, and operators (JSON format) to be specified. It is recommended to use the Autofocus UI to create an advanced query, export it and paste it into the relevant playbook inputs. Note that multiple search values should be separated by commas only (without spaces or any special characters). (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.5.0).
