
#### Indicator Fields

##### Info Stealer Version

- New: Added a new indicator field - Info Stealer Version that stores the version of the info stealer malware.

##### Info Stealer Screenshot Path

- New: Added a new indicator field - Info Stealer Screenshot Path that stores the path to the screenshot captured by the info stealer on the infected machine.

##### Info Stealer Computer Username

- New: Added a new indicator field - Info Stealer Computer Username that stores the username logged in on the infected machine.

##### Info Stealer PC Name

- New: Added a new indicator field - Info Stealer PC Name that stores the PC name of the infected machine.

##### Info Stealer Antivirus Software

- New: Added a new indicator field - Info Stealer Antivirus Software that stores the antivirus software detected on the infected machine.

##### Info Stealer IP

- New: Added a new indicator field - Info Stealer IP that stores the IP address of the infected machine.

##### Info Stealer Infection Timestamp

- New: Added a new indicator field - Info Stealer Infection Timestamp that stores the timestamp when the info stealer infection occurred.

##### Info Stealer Machine Id

- New: Added a new indicator field - Info Stealer Machine Id that stores the unique machine identifier of the infected host.

##### Info Stealer Malware Install Path

- New: Added a new indicator field - Info Stealer Malware Install Path that stores the filesystem path where the info stealer malware was installed on the infected machine.

##### Info Stealer ISP

- New: Added a new indicator field - Info Stealer ISP that stores the internet service provider of the infected machine.

##### Info Stealer Malware Family

- New: Added a new indicator field - Info Stealer Malware Family that stores the info stealer malware family responsible for the credential theft.

##### Info Stealer OS

- New: Added a new indicator field - Info Stealer OS that stores the operating system of the infected machine.


#### Integrations

##### Intel 471 Credentials

- New: Added a new integration - Intel471Credentials that fetches leaked credentials from the Intel 471 Credentials API and produces an indicator per credential. While building each indicator the integration also creates an associated incident.
 <~XSOAR>(Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.1.0).</~XSOAR>

- Added the following commands:
	- ***intel471-credentials-get-indicators***
