#### Mappers

##### Exabeam mapping

Added a mapping for the new incident type: **Exabeam Notable User**.


#### Incident Types

##### New: Exabeam Notable User

New: Created a new incident type for notable users fetched.

##### Exabeam Incident

Added a new layout.


#### Layouts

##### New: Exabeam Incident

Created a new layout for the incident type: **Exabeam Incident**.

##### New: Exabeam Notable User

New: Created a new layout for the incident type: **Exabeam Notable User**.


#### Integrations

##### Exabeam Advanced Analytics

- Updated the integration to support fetch notable users.
- Added the following new parameters:
  - *Fetch Type*.
  - *Max Users Per Fetch*.
  - *Notable Users Fetch Interval*.
  - *Notable Users First Fetch Timestamp*.
  - *Minimum Risk Score To Fetch Users*.
- Updated the integration display Name from  **Exabeam** to  **Exabeam Advanced Analytics**.
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.11.9.101916*.

#### Classifiers

##### New: Exabeam Classifier

 Created a new classifier to classify incidents based on the source of the data.

- If the source is the fetch incidents, the incident type will be **Exabeam Incident**.
- If the source is the fetch notable users the incident type will be **Exabeam Notable User**.

#### Incident Fields

##### New: Exabeam Average Risk Score

Added a new incident field to store the average risk score of a user.

##### New: Exabeam Highest Session Login Host

Added a new incident field to store the highest session login host of a user.

##### New: Exabeam Highest Session Number Of Asset

Added a new incident field to store the number of assets in the highest risk session.

##### New: Exabeam Highest Session Number Of Reasons

Added a new incident field to store the number of reasons in the highest risk session.

##### New: Exabeam Last Activity Time

Added a new incident field to store the last activity time of a user.

##### New: Exabeam Last Activity Type

Added a new incident field to store the type of the last activity of a user.

##### New: Exabeam Past Scores

Added a new incident field to store past risk scores of a user.

##### New: Exabeam Session IDs

Added a new incident field to store the session IDs of a user.
