
#### Integrations
##### Trend Micro Vision One V3
- Domain account action to enable user account.
- Domain account action to disable user account.
- Domain account action to force sign out user account.
- Domain account action to force password reset for user account.
- Action to add file SHA-1, IP address, domain, or URL object to the User-Defined Suspicious Objects List, which blocks the objects on subsequent detections.
- Action to remove a file SHA-1, IP address, domain, or URL from the User-Defined Suspicious Objects List.
- Action to move a message from a mailbox to the quarantine folder.
- Action to delete a message from a mailbox.
- Action to disconnect one or more endpoints from the network
- Action to restore network connectivity to an endpoint that applied the "isolate endpoint" action.
- Action to add domains, file SHA-1, file SHA-256, IP addresses, sender addresses, or URLs to the Exception List.
- Action to delete domains, file SHA-1 values, IP addresses, sender addresses, or URLs from the Exception List.
- Action to add information about domains, file SHA-1, file SHA-256, IP addresses, email addresses, or URLs to the Suspicious Object List.
- Action to delete domains, file SHA-1 values, IP addresses, or URLs from the Suspicious Object List.
- Action to retrieve information about a specific endpoint.
- Action to terminate a process that is running on an endpoint.
- Action to compress a file on an endpoint in a password-protected archive and send the archive to the XDR service platform.
- Action to retrieve a URL and other information required to download a collected from an endpoint.
- Action to submit a file to the sandbox for analysis.
- Action for sending a file associated to an incident (using the EntryID) to sandbox for analysis.
- Action to perform polling to get result of sandbox submission.
- Action to retrieve the status of a sandbox analysis submission.
- Action to retrieve the sandbox submission analysis result.
- Action to download the analysis report for an object submitted to sandbox for analysis.
- Action to download the investigation package for an object submitted to sandbox for analysis.
- Action to download the suspicious object list associated to the specified object.
- Action to check status of the running task based on the task ID.
- Action to attach a note to a workbench alert.
- Action to update the status of a workbench alert.
