## CybleThreatIntel 3.0.0

##### Cyble Threat Intel
- Deprecated TAXII-based commands: `cyble-vision-fetch-taxii` and `cyble-vision-get-collection-names`.
- Deprecated all TAXII ingestion logic. The integration now uses REST API endpoints for fetching IOCs.
- Updated command outputs and internal logic to match the new REST API model.
- Added new lookup command for querying indicators 
- Improved IOC feed performance and reliability by switching to REST-based ingestion.
- New indicator fields for more detailed information
#### Indicator Fields

##### New: Cyble Behaviour Tags

- New: Added a new indicator field- Cyble Behaviour Tags that %%UPDATE_CONTENT_ITEM_DESCRIPTION%%.


##### New: Cyble First Seen

- New: Added a new indicator field- Cyble First Seen that %%UPDATE_CONTENT_ITEM_DESCRIPTION%%.


##### New: Cyble Last Seen

- New: Added a new indicator field- Cyble Last Seen that %%UPDATE_CONTENT_ITEM_DESCRIPTION%%.


##### New: Cyble Related Malware

- New: Added a new indicator field- Cyble Related Malware that %%UPDATE_CONTENT_ITEM_DESCRIPTION%%.


##### New: Cyble Related Threat Actors

- New: Added a new indicator field- Cyble Related Threat Actors that %%UPDATE_CONTENT_ITEM_DESCRIPTION%%.


##### New: Cyble Sources

- New: Added a new indicator field- Cyble Sources that %%UPDATE_CONTENT_ITEM_DESCRIPTION%%.


##### New: Cyble Target Countries

- New: Added a new indicator field- Cyble Target Countries that %%UPDATE_CONTENT_ITEM_DESCRIPTION%%.


##### New: Cyble Target Industries

- New: Added a new indicator field- Cyble Target Industries that %%UPDATE_CONTENT_ITEM_DESCRIPTION%%.


##### New: Cyble Target Regions

- New: Added a new indicator field- Cyble Target Regions that %%UPDATE_CONTENT_ITEM_DESCRIPTION%%.


##### New: Cyble Verdict

- New: Added a new indicator field- Cyble Verdict that %%UPDATE_CONTENT_ITEM_DESCRIPTION%%.



#### Integrations

##### Cyble Threat Intel

- Deleted the **Fetch indicators** parameter.
- Added support for **Base URL** parameter.
- Added support for **Maximum Indicators Per Fetch** parameter that maximum number of indicators to fetch per execution.
- Added support for **Access Token** parameter.
- Added support for **First Fetch Time (hours)** parameter that how many hours back to fetch iocs on first run. max 3 hours.
- Added support for **cyble-vision-ioc-lookup** command that lookup a single ioc using the cyble vision api.
- Deprecated the **cyble-vision-get-collection-names** command. Use %%% instead.
- Deprecated the **cyble-vision-fetch-taxii** command. Use %%% instead.
- Updated the **cyble-vision-fetch-taxii** command to not use the *limit* argument.
- Updated the **cyble-vision-fetch-taxii** command to not use the *end* argument.
- Updated the **cyble-vision-fetch-taxii** command to not use the *begin* argument.
- Updated the **cyble-vision-fetch-taxii** command to not use the *collection* argument.
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.12.12.5490952*.


