
#### Integrations

##### Code42 Event Collector


##### Code42

- **Breaking changes**: Added an API Gateway URL configuration field for the Code42 integration. This is necessary to support alert sessions.
- Updated the incident fetch to use alert sessions instead of legacy alerts.
- Updated the ***code42-alert-get*** to use alert sessions instead of legacy alerts.
- **Breaking changes**: Deprecated the command ***code42-alert-resolve***. Use the new ***code42-alert-update*** instead.
- Added a new command ***code42-alert-update***, which can set the alert state to OPEN, CLOSED_TP, or CLOSED_FP.
- **Breaking changes**: Fixed an issue where commands that still used deprecated Incydr APIs could still be called. Removed the following deprecated command: ***code42-securitydata-search***. Use ***code42-file-events-search*** instead.
- **Breaking changes**: Fixed an issue where commands that still used deprecated Incydr APIs could still be called. Removed the following deprecated commands: ***code42-departingemployee-add***, ***code42-watchlists-add-user*** , ***code42-departingemployee-remove***, ***code42-departingemployee-get-all***, ***code42-departingemployee-get***, ***code42-highriskemployee-add***, ***code42-highriskemployee-remove***, ***code42-highriskemployee-get-all***,***code42-highriskemployee-get***,***code42-highriskemployee-add-risk-tags***, ***code42-highriskemployee-remove-risk-tags***. Use the ***code42-watchlists*** family of commands instead.
- Updated the command ***code42-user-get-risk-profile*** and ***code42-user-update-risk-profile*** to use Actor APIs instead of deprecated risk profile APIs.


#### Mappers

##### Code42 - Mapping

Updated the Code42 mapper to support the new alerts format.

#### Playbooks

##### Code42 File Search

Fixed an issue: Removed the code42-securitydata-search command from the playbook.

##### Code42 Exfiltration Playbook

Added the ability to close a Code42 alert as true positive or false positive.
