#### Commands
- Added a new command: **gra-analytical-features-entity-value**.

#### Incident Fields
- Added the **GRA Case Risk Score** incident field.
- Added the **GRA Case Weblink** incident field.
- **Breaking changes**: Updated the **GRA Case Open Date** incident field.
- **Breaking changes**: Updated the **GRA Case Risk Date** incident field.
- **Breaking changes**: Updated the **GRA Case Status** incident field.
- **Breaking changes**: Updated the **GRA Case Entity Type Id** incident field.
- **Breaking changes**: Updated the **GRA Case Owner Id** incident field.
- **Breaking changes**: Updated the **GRA Case Anomaly Details** incident field.
- **Breaking changes**: Updated the **GRA Case Entity Id** incident field.
- **Breaking changes**: Updated the **GRA Case Entity** incident field.
- **Breaking changes**: Updated the **GRA Case Owner Name** incident field.
- **Breaking changes**: Updated the **GRA Case Owner Type** incident field.
- **Breaking changes**: removed the **GRA Case Id** incident field.
- **Breaking changes**: removed the **GRA Anomaly Status** incident field.
- **Breaking changes**: removed the **GRA Anomaly Assignee** incident field.
- **Breaking changes**: removed the **GRA Anomaly Name** incident field.
- **Breaking changes**: removed the **GRA Anomaly Resource Name** incident field.
- **Breaking changes**: removed the **GRA Anomaly Risk Score** incident field.
- **Breaking changes**: removed the **GRA Anomaly Risk Accepted Date** incident field.
- **Breaking changes**: removed the **GRA Anomaly Assignee Type** incident field.

#### Classifiers  
##### The renamed classifiers
  - **Breaking changes**: Renamed the **GRACase_5_9_9** classifier to.
  - **Breaking changes**: Renamed the **GRACase** classifier.
  - **Breaking changes**: removed the **GRAHighRiskUser** classifier.
  - **Breaking changes**: removed the **RAHighRiskUser_5_9_9** classifier.
  - **Breaking changes**: removed the **GRAHighRiskUser** classifier.
 
#### Mappers
##### The renamed incoming mapper
  - Renamed the **Gurucul-GRACases** mapper to **GRACase-mapper**.
  - **Breaking changes**: removed the **Gurucul-HighRiskUsers** mapper.

#### Incident Fields
  - **Breaking changes**: removed the **graanomalyname** incident field.
  - **Breaking changes**: removed the **graanomalyresourcename** incident field.
  - **Breaking changes**: removed the **graanomalyriskscore** incident field.
  - **Breaking changes**: removed the **graassigneetype** incident field.
  - **Breaking changes**: removed the **graentitytypeid** incident field.
  - **Breaking changes**: removed the **graownername** incident field.
  - **Breaking changes**: removed the **graownertype** incident field.
  - **Breaking changes**: removed the **grariskdate** incident field.
  - **Breaking changes**: removed the **XXXXXXX** incident field.
  - **Breaking changes**: removed the **XXXXXXX** incident field.
  - **Breaking changes**: removed the **XXXXXXX** incident field.
  - **Breaking changes**: removed the **XXXXXXX** incident field.
  - **Breaking changes**: removed the **XXXXXXX** incident field.
  - **Breaking changes**: removed the **XXXXXXX** incident field.
  - **Breaking changes**: removed the **XXXXXXX** incident field.
  - **Breaking changes**: removed the **XXXXXXX** incident field.
  - **Breaking changes**: removed the **XXXXXXX** incident field.

#### Incident Types
- Renamed the **GraHighRiskUser** incident type to **GRACase**.
- Removed the **GraCase** incident type.

#### Layouts
##### New: GRACaseLayout
- Added new layout for GRACase incident type

#### Scripts
##### New: GRAUpdateCaseStatus
- GRA Update Case Status (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.5.0).
##### New: GRAAnalyticalFeatureDisplay
- Display GRA analytical feature on the layout (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.5.0).

#### Integrations
##### Gurucul-GRA
- **Bug Fixes**:
  -  Fixed an issue with fetch incidents.
- **Breaking Change**: 
  -  Drop-down ***Fetch Incident Command*** is removed in ***Add instance***.
  -  Drop-down ***Fetch Incident Cases*** is removed in ***Add instance***.
  
#### Playbooks
#### playbook is renamed
  - GRACase
#### playbook is removed  
  - GRAHighRiskUser