
#### Incident Fields
 New incident fields for post intrusion ransomware investigation playbook.
- **Ransomware Note**
- **Ransomware Recovery Tool**
- **Ransomware Onion Address**
- **Ransomware Strain**
- **Ransomware Approximate Number Of Encrypted Endpoints**
- **Ransomware Cryptocurrency Address**
- **Ransomware Data Encryption Status**
- **Users**
- **Hosts**
- **Ransomware Encrypted File Owner**
- **Ransomware Email**
- **Ransomware Cryptocurrency Address Type**

#### Incident Types
New incident type for post intrusion ransomware investigation playbook.
- **Post Intrusion Ransomware**

#### Playbooks
##### New: Post Intrusion Ransomware Investigation Playbook
- Post Intrusion Ransomware Investigation Playbook provides a baseline for investigating Ransomware incidents.
In such a complex incident, knowing is half the battle.
This playbook will help you better understand your position and exposure against the threat actor group by collecting the needed information from your environment, performing the required investigation steps, containing the incident, and visualizing the data with its custom Post Intrusion Ransomware Investigation incident layout.
The main features of this semi-automated playbook are:
 - Automated Users and Hosts data enrichment.
 - Automated endpoint isolation and user revocation.
 - Guidance to retrieve the necessary files to identify the ransomware strain and data enrichment.
 - Extract indicators from the ransomware note, including Cryptocurrencies addresses and Onion URLs.
 - Guidance to further Recommended investigation steps such as Endpoint Forensics, searching for more infected endpoints, Users investigation.
 -  Active Directory forensics. 
 - Automated block for malicious indicators 

Playbook Settings and Mapping:
For the operation of the playbook, the following data should be mapped to the relevant incident field.
Username - Users (Incident field)
Hostname - Hosts (Incident field)

#### Layouts
- New layout for post intrusion ransomware investigation playbook.
- **Post Intrusion Ransomware**

#### Scripts
- New scripts to support visualization for post intrusion ransomware incident layout
- **RansomwareDataEncryptionStatus**
- **RansomwareHostWidget**
