
#### Integrations

##### Rapid7 InsightVM

- Fixed an issue with ***nexpose-search-assets*** command.
- Added a new command ***nexpose-create-tag*** to create a tag.
- Added a new command ***nexpose-delete-tag*** to delete a tag.
- Added a new command ***nexpose-list-tag*** to return a list of tags.
- Added a new command ***nexpose-update-tag-search-criteria*** to update tag search criteria.
- Added a new command ***nexpose-list-tag-asset-group*** to return a list of asset groups for a tag.
- Added a new command ***nexpose-add-tag-asset-group*** to add existing asset groups to an existing tag.
- Added a new command ***nexpose-remove-tag-asset-group*** to remove an asset group from a tag.
- Added a new command ***nexpose-list-tag-asset*** to return the tag assets list.
- Added a new command ***nexpose-add-tag-asset*** to add an existing asset to an existing tag.
- Added a new command ***nexpose-remove-tag-asset*** to remove an asset from a tag. Note that the asset must be added through the asset or tag.
- Added a new command ***nexpose-add-site-included-asset*** to add included assets to a site.
- Added a new command ***nexpose-remove-site-included-asset*** to remove included assets from a site.
- Added a new command ***nexpose-list-site-included-asset*** to return a list of included assets for a site.
- Added a new command ***nexpose-list-site-included-asset-group*** to return a list of included asset groups for a site.
- Added a new command ***nexpose-add-site-excluded-asset*** to add excluded assets to a site.
- Added a new command ***nexpose-remove-site-excluded-asset*** to remove excluded assets from a site.
- Added a new command ***nexpose-list-site-excluded-asset*** to return a list of excluded assets for a site.
- Added a new command ***nexpose-list-site-excluded-asset-group*** to return a list of excluded asset groups for a site.
- Added a new command ***nexpose-list-asset-group*** to return a list of asset groups.
- Added a new command ***nexpose-create-asset-group*** to create an asset group.
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.10.14.99865*.