
#### Classifiers
##### New: Lacework - Classifier
- Lacework Incident Classifier (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.0.0).
##### New: Lacework
- Lacework Incident Classifier (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.0.0).

#### Incident Fields
- **Lacework Event ID**
  - The ID of the Lacework event.
- **Lacework Event Actor**
  - The 'Actor' that generated the Lacework event. (App, Compliance, File, User, etc.)
- **Lacework Event Model**
  - The 'Model' within the 'Actor' category that generated the Lacework event. (AwsCompliance, PTypeConn, SystemRule, etc.)
- **Lacework Event Type**
  - The 'Event Type' within the 'Model' and 'Actor' categories that generated the Lacework event.
- **Lacework Recommendation ID**
  - The ID of the recommendation which generated a compliance violation event within Lacework.
- **Lacework Recommendation Title**
  - The Title of the recommendation which generated a compliance violation event within Lacework.
- **Lacework Recommendation Account ID**
  - The cloud service provider 'Account ID' (ex. AWS account number) associated with the compliance violation.
- **Lacework Recommendation Account Alias**
  - The cloud service provider 'Account Alias' (ex. AWS account alias) associated with the compliance violation.


#### Incident Types
- **Lacework Event **

#### Integrations
##### Lacework
- Added support for Lacework Organizations and Sub-Accounts
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/lacework:1.0.0.24154*.

#### Mappers
##### New: Lacework - Incoming Mapper
- Added mapper to automatically populate new Incident Fields (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.0.0).
