## Managed Detection and Response by mnemonic
- Update of pack name

#### Classifiers

##### New: Argus Case Classifier V2
- New: Added a new classifier- Argus Case Classifier V2 that classifies new 
  Incident Types.

##### Argus Case Classifier legacy
- Deprecated classifier

#### Incident Fields

##### Argus Attachment ID

- Updated the Argus Attachment ID incident field to associate with new Incident Types.

##### Argus Case Category

- Updated the Argus Case Category incident field to associate with new Incident Types.

##### Argus Case HTML

- Updated the Argus Case HTML incident field to associate with new Incident Types.

##### Argus Case ID

- Updated the Argus Case ID incident field to associate with new Incident Types.

##### New: Argus Case Initial Priority

- New: Added a new incident field- Argus Case Initial Priority.


##### New: Argus Case Last Updated

- New: Added a new incident field- Argus Case Last Updated 


##### Argus Case Link

- Updated the Argus Case Link incident field to associate with new Incident Types..

##### New: Argus Case Priority

- New: Added a new incident field- Argus Case Priority.


##### Argus Case Service

- Updated the Argus Case Service incident field to associate with new Incident Types.

##### Argus Case Status

- Updated the Argus Case Status incident field to associate with new Incident Types.

##### New: Argus Case Status V2

- New: Added a new incident field- Argus Case Status V2 that is a list of 
  allowed values, not free text.


##### Argus Case Type

- Updated the Argus Case Type incident field to associate with new Incident Types.

##### New: Argus Comment Content

- New: Added a new incident field- Argus Comment Content that Comment to submit to Argus


##### Argus Comment ID

- Updated the Argus Comment ID incident field to associate with new Incident Types.

##### Argus Customer ID

- Updated the Argus Customer ID incident field to associate with new Incident Types.

##### New: Argus Customer Name

- New: Added a new incident field- Argus Customer Name.


##### New: Argus Event

- New: Added a new incident field- Argus Event.


##### Argus Event ID

- Updated the Argus Event ID incident field to associate with new Incident Types.

##### Argus Event Type

- Updated the Argus Event Type incident field to associate with new Incident Types.

##### Argus Tag ID

- Updated the Argus Tag ID incident field to associate with new Incident Types.

## Argus Case Type
- Updating Argus incident field to associate with new Incident Types.

##### Argus Managed Detection and Response by mnemonic

- Added support for **argus-upload-sample** command that upload file argus sampledb.
- Added support for **argus-list-vulnerabilities** command that basic vulnerability search. will not return vulnerabilities seen more than 31 days ago. please use advanced search to return older vulnerabilities. if start/end timestamps are present, the range must be valid for at least one of the time stamps fields. check the documentation for the timestampfieldstrategy field for more details.
- Added support for **argus-get-vulnerability-definition** command that get vulnerability definition metadata.
- Added support for **argus-download-sample** command that download file argus sampledb.
- Added support for **argus-list-assets** command that basic asset search.if keywords are present, they must all must be present in at least one of the keyword fields.check the documentation for the keywordfieldstrategy field for more details.if start/end timestamps are present, the range must be valid for at least one of the requested time stamp fields.check the documentation for the timestampfieldstrategy field for more details.limit and offset added together cannot exceed 10'000.
- Added support for **argus-get-sample-metadata** command that get sample metadata.
- Added support for **argus-get-asset** command that get asset metadata.
- Added support for **argus-search-vulnerabilities** command that search vulnerabilities.
- Added support for **argus-delete-asset** command that delete asset.
- Added support for **argus-update-asset** command that update asset.
- Added support for **argus-add-asset** command that creates a new asset.
- Added support for **argus-get-vulnerability-by-id** command that get vulnerability by uuid.
- Added support for **argus-get-vulnerability-by-asset** command that get vulnerabilities belonging to the asset.
- Added support for *context_output* argument in the **argus-edit-comment** command.
- Added support for *context_output* argument in the **argus-delete-case** command.
- Added support for *context_output* argument in the **argus-list-case-comments** command.
- Added support for *context_output* argument in the **argus-advanced-case-search** command.
- Added support for *context_output* argument in the **argus-close-case** command.
- Added support for *context_output* argument in the **argus-get-case-metadata-by-id** command.
- Added support for *context_output* argument in the **argus-get-events-for-case** command.
- Added support for *context_output* argument in the **argus-fetch-observations-for-domain** command.
- Added support for *context_output* argument in the **argus-list-case-tags** command.
- Added support for *context_output* argument in the **argus-list-aggregated-events** command.
- Added support for *context_output* argument in the **argus-get-event** command.
- Added support for *context_output* argument in the **argus-get-attachment** command.
- Added support for *context_output* argument in the **argus-add-comment** command.
- Added support for *context_output* argument in the **argus-list-nids-events** command.
- Added support for *context_output* argument in the **argus-find-nids-events** command.
- Added support for *context_output* argument in the **argus-create-case** command.
- Added support for *context_output* argument in the **argus-remove-case-tag-by-id** command.
- Added support for *context_output* argument in the **argus-update-case** command.
- Added support for *context_output* argument in the **argus-delete-comment** command.
- Added support for *context_output* argument in the **argus-remove-case-tag-by-key-value** command.
- Added support for *context_output* argument in the **argus-add-case-tag** command.
- Added support for *context_output* argument in the **argus-add-attachment** command.
- Added support for *context_output* argument in the **argus-get-payload** command.
- Added support for *context_output* argument in the **argus-fetch-observations-for-ip** command.
- Added support for *context_output* argument in the **argus-find-aggregated-events** command.
- Added support for *context_output* argument in the **argus-pdns-search-records** command.
- Added support for *context_output* argument in the **argus-list-case-attachments** command.


##### New: Argus Case Mapper V2
- New: Added a new mapper- Argus Case Mapper V2 that maps fields for the new 
  Incident Types.



##### Argus Case Mapper
- Updated the Argus Case Mapper mapper to mark it as deprecated


##### New: Argus Case Management
- New: Added a new layout- Argus Case Management that has more features, and 
  uses a helper script to add and show Argus Case comments. 


##### Argus Case
- Updated the Argus Case incident type for backwards compatability.


##### New: Argus - Poor Practice
- New: Added a new incident type- Argus - Poor Practice



##### New: Argus - Operational
- New: Added a new incident type- Argus - Operational 



##### New: Argus - Misconfigured
- New: Added a new incident type- Argus - Misconfigured 



##### New: Argus - Informational
- New: Added a new incident type- Argus - Informational



##### New: Argus - Fraud
- New: Added a new incident type- Argus - Fraud



##### New: Argus - Denial of Service
- New: Added a new incident type- Argus - Denial of Service



##### New: Argus - Compromise
- New: Added a new incident type- Argus - Compromise



##### Argus - Change
- New: Added a new incident type- Argus - Change



##### New: Argus - Case V2
- New: Added a new incident type- Argus - Case V2



##### New: Argus - Attempted Compromise
- New: Added a new incident type- Argus - Attempted Compromise



##### New: Argus - Anomaly
- New: Added a new incident type- Argus - Anomaly



##### New: Argus - Adware
- New: Added a new incident type- Argus - Adware



##### New: Argus - Administrative
- New: Added a new incident type- Argus - Administrative



##### New: Argus - Abusive Content
- New: Added a new incident type- Argus - Abusive Content

