****
#### Integrations

##### New: Carbon Black Endpoint Standard v3

- Endpoint Standard is an industry-leading next-generation antivirus (NGAV) and behavioral endpoint detection and response (EDR) solution. It operates through the Carbon Black Cloud, a unified endpoint protection platform leveraging a single agent, console, and dataset.


- Deprecated the **cbd-find-events** and **cbd-find-events-results** commands, replaced by **cbd-find-observation**.
- Deprecated the **cbd-find-events-details** and **cbd-find-events-details-results** commands, replaced by **cbd-find-observation-details**.
- Deprecated the **cbd-get-policies** command, replaced by **cbd-get-policies-summary**.

- Updated the **cbd-find-processes** command to include **cbd-find-processes-results** when polling=true.

- Added the **cbd-find-observation-results** to manually retrieve observation results without polling.
- Added the **cbd-find-observation-details-results** to manually retrieve observation details results without polling.

- Updated the **cbd-alerts-search** command context output; deprecated the **category** arg and updated **tag** arg to **tags**. [More details here](https://xsoar.pan.dev/docs/reference).

- Updated the **policy** commands context output; changed the **policy** arg format. [More details here](https://xsoar.pan.dev/docs/reference).

- Updated the **rules** commands operation arg options and context output. [More details here](https://xsoar.pan.dev/docs/reference).

- Deprecated the **Carbon Black Endpoint Standard Find Event Details** playbook. Use **cbd-find-observation-details** command instead.
- Deprecated the **Carbon Black Endpoint Standard Find Events** playbook. Use **cbd-find-observation** command instead.
- Deprecated the **Carbon Black Endpoint Standard Find Processes** playbook. Use **cbd-find-processes** command instead.


#### Mappers

##### Carbon Black Endpoint Standard Incoming Mapper

- Updated the mapper for the new response format. Removed the following incident fields Alert Category, Vector, and Threat Category.
