
#### Dashboards

##### New: XSOAR Value Metrics



- %%Added dashboard%%

##### New: XSOARValueMetrics

- %%Added automation to collect and store monthly metrics in lists%%

The "slatimers" argument is a CSV list of  custom SLA timer fields to include in the metrics. 

       Example:  slatimers="customsla1,customsla2,customsla3"

The "filters" argument is a CSV list thats support the following field names to filter incidents on:  status, notstatus, type, severity, owner:

        "severity" values are: unknown, information, low, medium, high, critical
         "status or notstatus" values are: pending, active, done, archive
        "type" is the name of a single incident type
         "owner" is the name of a single incident owner

          Example: filters ="type=typea,status=done,severity=high"

If the "query" parameter is passed, the "filters" argument is ignored. The "query" parameter is a Lucene/Bleve search string in the incidents search box.  The "query" string is used to select which incidents - do not specify any dates. These are controlled by the "firstday" and  "lastday" parameters.

If the "windowstart" and "windowend" parameters are passed with the name of timer fields, the duration is calculated from windowend.endDate - windowstart.startDate for the "UserWindow" SLA metric.

The "mode" argument controls saving monthly statistics in this year's XSOAR list (a JSON object) as specified in the "thisyearlist" argument.  The default mode is "increment" and expects the time windows for each query to be contiguous with no gaps or overlaps in the time window specified by the "firstday" and "lastday" arguments. If the time windows overlap, then incidents will be double counted. If there are gaps between time windows, then incidents may be missed.  If the query needs to run and not update the saved statistics,  use "mode=noupdate".  In the event a month in the saved statistics becomes corrupted, this is corrected by using "mode=initialize" with the first day and the last day of the month to reset the values.
##### New: XMetrics


- %%Added script widget for monthly metrics%%


##### New: XMetricsYear


