
#### Integrations

##### Strata Logging Service XSOAR Connector

- Added support for ***sls-search-by-file-hash*** command, a clone of cdl-* command to align with new branding for Stata Logging Service.
- Added support for ***sls-reset-authentication-timeout*** command that use this command in case your authentication calls fail due to internal calllimit, the command will reset the limit cache.
- Added support for ***sls-query-file-data*** command, a clone of cdl-* command to align with new branding for Stata Logging Service.
- Added support for ***sls-get-critical-threat-logs*** command, a clone of cdl-* command to align with new branding for Stata Logging Service.
- Added support for ***sls-query-threat-logs*** command, a clone of cdl-* command to align with new branding for Stata Logging Service.
- Added support for ***sls-get-social-applications*** command, a clone of cdl-* command to align with new branding for Stata Logging Service.
- Added support for ***sls-query-url-logs*** command, a clone of cdl-* command to align with new branding for Stata Logging Service.
- Added support for ***sls-query-traffic-logs*** command, a clone of cdl-* command to align with new branding for Stata Logging Service.
- Added support for ***sls-query-logs*** command, a clone of cdl-* command to align with new branding for Stata Logging Service.
- Added support for ***sls-query-gp-logs*** command, a clone of cdl-* command to align with new branding for Stata Logging Service.

#### Playbooks

##### Strata Logging Service - Traffic Indicators Hunting

- Documentation and metadata improvements.
##### Strata Logging Service - Indicators Hunting

- Documentation and metadata improvements.
