
#### Integrations

##### Vectra Detect

- Added support for **Advanced: Fetch escalated Accounts and Hosts** parameter to fetch escalated accounts and hosts. **Note:** if this parameter is set to true, it will fetch accounts and hosts that have been updated based on the provided filter parameters, even if their detection timestamps are older than the first fetch time.

- Added support for **Re-Fetch closed incidents via mirroring** parameter. if selected, new incidents will be created (via outgoing mirroring). if not selected, it reopens previously closed incidents (via incoming mirroring). **Note:** this flow is triggered only when the relevant account or host is still active and the previously fetched incident is closed.

- Added support for the OAuth2.0 authentication. It requires a client ID and client secret key, which can be retrieved from Vectra UI > Manage > API Clients.

- Added support for **Authentication Type** parameter to select the authentication method (API Token or OAuth 2.0). Default is API Token.

- Added support for **vectra-detections-mark-asopen** command to mark detections as open with provided detection IDs in the argument.

- Added support for **vectra-account-markall-detections-asclosed** command to mark active detections as closed by providing the ID of the account in the argument.

- Added support for **vectra-detections-mark-asclosed** command to mark detections as close with provided detection IDs in the argument.

- Added support for **vectra-host-markall-detections-asclosed** command to mark active detections as closed by providing the ID of the host in the argument.

- Fixed an issue with **Outgoing Mirroring** when invalid tags are provided.

- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.12.12.5490952*.
