
#### Scripts

##### New: RunCPPhishingCampaign

- New: Search other emails by sender and/or subject and quarantine.

##### New: SendCPAction

- New: Send quarantine or restore action and update action task id.

##### New: ShowCPEmailInfo

- New: Get email info from Check Point Smart API.

##### New: ShowCPScanInfo

- New: Get scan info from Check Point Smart API.

#### Incident Types

- **CheckPointHEC Security Event**


#### Integrations

##### Check Point Harmony Email and Collaboration (HEC)

- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.10.13.72123*.
- Added a new command ***checkpointhec-get-email-info*** to get email info.
- Added a new command ***checkpointhec-get-scan-info*** to get email scan info.
- Added a new command ***checkpointhec-search-emails*** to search emails by sender and/or subject.
- Added a new command ***checkpointhec-send-action*** to quarantine/restore emails.
- Added a new command ***checkpointhec-get-action-result*** to get the result of the quarantine/restore actions.
- Added a new command ***checkpointhec-send-notification*** to send email notification with the information about if end user was exposed to email.


#### Incident Fields

- New: **CP HEC Campaign Task**

- **CP HEC Customer**

- New: **CP HEC Email Sender**

- New: **CP HEC Email Subject**

- **CP HEC Entity**

- New: **CP HEC Farm**

- **CP HEC Saas**

- New: **CP HEC Task**

- **CP HEC Type**


#### Layouts

##### CP HEC Security Event Layout

- Added a new section with actions for emails.
- Added a new section with email info in table format.
- Added a new section with scan info in JSON format.

