
#### Triggers Recommendations

##### New: Trigger - AWS Network Exposure

- New: Added a new triggers recommendation- Trigger - AWS Network Exposure that Recommends the AWS Network Exposure - Auto-remediate playbook to automatically remediate the network exposure of AWS resources by updating the AWS asset with a new security group which is a copy of the original but without the offending security rule that causes public exposure.
<~XSIAM> (Available from Cortex XSIAM V3.5).</~XSIAM>

##### New: Trigger - Azure Network Exposure

- New: Added a new triggers recommendation- Trigger - Azure Network Exposure that Recommends the Azure Network Exposure - Auto-remediate playbook to automatically remediate the network exposure of Azure VM by updating the network security group of the VM instance, adding a Deny rule on top of the one that causes public exposure to block access to that specific VM instance. It also adds an Allow rule to permit access to the instance from internal IPs.
<~XSIAM> (Available from Cortex XSIAM V3.5).</~XSIAM>

##### New: Trigger - GCP Network Exposure

- New: Added a new triggers recommendation- Trigger - GCP Network Exposure that Recommends the GCP Network Exposure - Auto-remediate playbook to automatically remediate the network exposure of GCP resources by adding a GCP Firewall rule to deny internet access on the specified port from the internet and an allow rule to allow access from specific internal IPs
<~XSIAM> (Available from Cortex XSIAM V3.5).</~XSIAM>

#### Playbooks

##### New: AWS Network Exposure - Auto-remediate

This playbook remediates the following AWS Network Exposure detections:
1. Amazon EC2 instance with management ports exposed to the public internet
It does so by updating the AWS asset with a new security group which is a copy of the original but without the offending security rule that causes public exposure.

##### New: Azure Network Exposure - Auto-remediate

This playbook remediates the following Azure Network Exposure detections:
1. Azure virtual machine with management ports exposed to the public internet
It does so by updating the network security group of the vm instance, adding a Deny rule on top of the one that causes public exposure to block access to that specific VM instance. It also adds an Allow rule to permit access to the instance from internal IPs.

##### New: GCP Network Exposure - Auto-remediate

Automatically remediates the following Network Exposure detection:
1. Google Compute Engine instance with management ports exposed to the public internet
It does so by adding a GCP Firewall rule to deny internet access on the specified port from the internet and an allow rule to allow access from specific internal IPs. It uses network tags to specify the GCP resources that can use these rules. If a rule already exists, the appropriate network tag is added to the asset in question.

##### Notify Stakeholders

- Updated the Notify Stakeholders playbook to use adaptive cards for the Microsoft Teams notification.

