#### Triggers Recommendations

##### Allow Access by Trusted Services

Added support for the **Allow Access by Trusted Services** triggers recommendation. Requires the 'Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts/*' permission. Running the command for this recommendation enables Azure accounts to bypass 'Trusted Microsoft Services'.

##### Assign Managed Identity to Function App

Added support for the **Assign Managed Identity** triggers recommendation to Function App triggers recommendation. Requires the 'Microsoft.Web/sites/Write' permission. Running the command for this recommendation sets a managed service identity in the Azure Function App to eliminate secrets (such as credentials in connection strings) and increase security.

##### Assign Managed Identity to Web App

Added support for the Assign Managed Identity to Web App** triggers recommendation to Web App triggers recommendation. Requires the 'Microsoft.Web/sites/{app_name}/config/*' permission. Running the command for this recommendation sets a managed service identity in App Service to eliminate secrets (such as credentials in connection strings) and increase security.

##### Disable Network Access to Storage Account

Added support for the Disable Network Access to Storage Account** triggers recommendation. Requires the 'Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts/*' permission. Running the command for this recommendation disables the default network access rule for Storage Accounts.

##### Disable Public & Private Access to VM Disk

Added support for the **Disable Public & Private Access to VM Disk** triggers recommendation. Requires the 'Microsoft.Compute/disks/write' permission. Running the command for this recommendation disables public network access and sets the network access policy to **DenyAll** for the specified disk, blocking external access. Options include disabling public access while enabling private access, or disabling both public and private access.

##### Disable Public Access on RDS

Added support for the **Disable Public Access on RDS** triggers recommendation. Requires the 'rds:ModifyDBInstance' permission. Running the command for this recommendation disables the publicly accessible configuration of AWS RDS database instances.

##### Disable Remote Debugging on Azure App

Added support for the **Disable Remote Debugging on Azure** App triggers recommendation. Requires the 'Microsoft.Web/sites/config/Write' permission. Running the command for this recommendation disables remote debugging on Azure App Service apps.

##### Disable Storage Account Cross Tenant Replication

Added support for the **Disable Storage Account Cross Tenant Replication** triggers recommendation. Requires the 'Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts/*' permission. Running the command for this recommendation disables cross-tenant replication in Storage Accounts.

##### Enable Automatic Backup for RDS dB

Added support for the **Enable Automatic Backup for RDS dB** triggers recommendation. Requires the 'rds:ModifyDBInstance' permission. Running the command for this recommendation enables the automatic backup settings for RDS instances.

##### Enable Azure App Service Auth

Added support for the **Enable Azure App Service Auth** triggers recommendation. Requires the 'Microsoft.Web/sites/{app_name}/config/authsettings/*' permission. Running the command for this recommendation enables App Service authentication to prevent anonymous HTTP requests from reaching the API app, or authenticates requests containing tokens before they reach the API app.

##### Enable CloudTrail Log Validation

Added support for the **Enable CloudTrail Log Validation** triggers recommendation. Requires the 'cloudtrail:UpdateTrail' permission. Running the command for this recommendation enables log file validation for the specified CloudTrail.

##### Enable CloudTrail Logging

Added support for the **Enable CloudTrail Logging** triggers recommendation. Requires the 'cloudtrail:StartLogging' permission. Running the command for this recommendation enables logging for the respective CloudTrail.

##### Enable Copy Tags on RDS Snapshot

Added support for the **Enable Copy Tags on RDS Snapshot** triggers recommendation. Requires the 'rds:ModifyDBInstance' permission. Running the command for this recommendation enables 'copy tags to snapshots' for the respective RDS instance.

##### Enable Deletion Protection on RDS

Added support for the **Enable Deletion Protection on RDS** triggers recommendation. Requires the 'rds:ModifyDBInstance' permission. Running the command for this recommendation enables deletion protection for the reported AWS RDS instance.

##### Enable GCP Bucket Versioning

Added support for the **Enable GCP Bucket Versioning** triggers recommendation. Requires the 'storage.buckets.update' permission. Running the command for this recommendation enables GCP Storage log buckets versioning.

##### Enable GKE Cluster Intra-node Visibility

Added support for the **Enable GKE Cluster Intra-node Visibility** triggers recommendation. Requires the 'container.clusters.update' permission. Running the command for this recommendation enables intra-node visibility for the GCP Kubernetes Engine cluster to expose flow logs for traffic between Pods.

##### Enable IAM Authentication on RDS

Added support for the **Enable IAM Authentication on RDS** triggers recommendation. Requires the 'rds:ModifyDBInstance' permission. Running the command for this recommendation enables IAM Authentication for the reported AWS RDS instance.

##### Enable IAM Authentication on RDS Cluster

Added support for the **Enable IAM Authentication on RDS Cluster** triggers recommendation. Requires the 'rds:ModifyDBCluster' permission. Running the command for this recommendation enables IAM Authentication for the reported AWS RDS cluster.

##### Enable Master Authorized Networks on GKE

Added support for the **Enable Master Authorized Networks on GKE** triggers recommendation. Requires the 'container.clusters.update' permission. Running the command for this recommendation enables the Master authorized network for the GCP Kubernetes Engine cluster by blocking untrusted non-GCP source IPs from accessing the Kubernetes master through HTTPS.

##### Enable RDS Auto Upgrade

Added support for the **Enable RDS Auto Upgrade** triggers recommendation. Requires the 'rds:ModifyDBInstance' permission. Running the command for this recommendation enables minor upgrades for the RDS database instance.

##### Enable RDS Cluster Deletion Protection

Added support for the **Enable RDS Cluster Deletion Protection** triggers recommendation. Requires the 'rds:ModifyDBCluster' permission. Running the command for this recommendation enables deletion protection for the reported AWS RDS cluster.

##### Enable S3 Versioning

Added support for the **Enable S3 Versioning** triggers recommendation. Requires the 's3:PutBucketVersioning' permission. Running the command for this recommendation enables Object Versioning for the respective S3 bucket.

##### Enable Soft Delete on Blob

Added support for the **Enable Soft Delete on Blob** triggers recommendation. Requires the 'Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts/blobServices/write' permission. Running the command for this recommendation enables soft delete for blobs on Azure Storage accounts. By default, the delete retention period is configured to 30 days, which can be modified by cloning the policy.

##### Make GCP Bucket Private

Added support for the **Make GCP Bucket Private** triggers recommendation. Requires the 'storage.buckets.getIamPolicy' and 'storage.buckets.setIamPolicy' permissions. Running the command for this recommendation revokes 'allUsers' and 'allAuthenticatedUsers' permission access on GCP Storage buckets.

##### Remove GCP Bucket AllAuthenticatedUser Access

Added support for the **Remove GCP Bucket AllAuthenticatedUser Access** triggers recommendation. Requires the 'storage.buckets.getIamPolicy' and 'storage.buckets.setIamPolicy' permissions. Running the command for this recommendation revokes 'allAuthenticatedUsers' permission access on GCP Storage buckets.

##### Remove GCP Bucket AllUsers Access

Added support for the **Remove GCP Bucket AllUsers Access** triggers recommendation. Requires the 'storage.buckets.getIamPolicy' and 'storage.buckets.setIamPolicy' permissions. Running the command for this recommendation revokes 'allUsers' permission access on GCP Storage buckets.

##### Set AMI to Private

Added support for the **Set AMI to Private** triggers recommendation. Requires the 'ec2:ModifyImageAttribute' permission. Running the command for this recommendation configures the AMI access level to private to ensure only the owner retains full privileges.

##### Set Function App HTTP Version to 2.0

Added support for the **Set Function App HTTP Version to 2.0** triggers recommendation. Requires the 'Microsoft.Web/sites/config/Write' permission. Running the command for this recommendation sets the HTTP version to 2.0 to resolve head-of-line blocking issues, introduce header compression, and enable request prioritization.

##### Set Function App Min TLS Version

Added support for the **Set Function App Min TLS Version** triggers recommendation. Requires the 'Microsoft.Web/sites/config/Write' permission. Running the command for this recommendation sets the Web App TLS encryption version to the latest standard (i.e., **TLS 1.2**).

##### Set GCP Bucket Access to Uniform

Added support for the **Set GCP Bucket Access to Uniform** triggers recommendation. Requires the 'storage.buckets.update' permission. Running the command for this recommendation sets uniform bucket-level access in GCP Storage buckets. Note that once uniform bucket-level access has been enabled on a bucket for 90 consecutive days, it can no longer be disabled.

##### Set RDS Cluster Snapshot to Private

Added support for the **Set RDS Cluster Snapshot to Private** triggers recommendation. Requires the 'rds:ModifyDBClusterSnapshotAttribute' permission. Running the command for this recommendation resets the RDS Cluster snapshot Access Control List (ACL) to private to ensure only the owner retains full privileges.

##### Set RDS Snapshot to Private

Added support for the **Set RDS Snapshot to Private** triggers recommendation. Requires the 'rds:ModifyDBSnapshotAttribute' permission. Running the command for this recommendation resets the RDS snapshot Access Control List (ACL) to private to ensure only the owner retains full privileges.

##### Set Secure Transport for MySQL

Added support for the **Set Secure Transport for MySQL** triggers recommendation. Requires the 'Microsoft.DBforMySQL/flexibleServers/configurations/write' permission. Running the command for this recommendation enables SSL connections on your Azure MySQL database flexible server.

##### Set Snapshot to Private

Added support for the **Set Snapshot to Private** triggers recommendation. Requires the 'ec2:ModifySnapshotAttribute' permission. Running the command for this recommendation configures the EBS snapshot access level to private to ensure only the owner retains full privileges.

##### Set Storage Account to HTTPS only

Added support for the **Set Storage Account to HTTPS only** triggers recommendation. Requires the 'Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts/*' permission. Running the command for this recommendation enables secure transfer for the specified storage account.

##### Set Web App Min TLS Version

Added support for the **Set Web App Min TLS Version** triggers recommendation. Requires the 'Microsoft.Web/sites/{app_name}/config/*' permission. Running the command for this recommendation sets the Web App TLS encryption version to the latest standard (i.e., **TLS 1.2**).

##### Set Webapp HTTP Version to 2.0

Added support for the **Set Webapp HTTP Version to 2.0** triggers recommendation. Requires the 'Microsoft.Web/sites/{app_name}/config/*' permission. Running the command for this recommendation sets the HTTP version to 2.0 to resolve head-of-line blocking issues, introduce header compression, and enable request prioritization.

##### Update Azure Monitor Log Retention Period

Added support for the **Update Azure Monitor Log Retention Period** triggers recommendation. Requires the 'Microsoft.Insights/LogProfiles/[Read, Write, Delete]' permission. Running the command for this recommendation updates the Azure Monitor log profile retention policy to 365 days.
