
#### Integrations

##### Google SecOps Streaming API

- Added support for **API URL Format** parameter to select the API URL format to use for API requests. Default value is '&lt;chronicle&gt;.&lt;REGION&gt;.&lt;rep.googleapis.com&gt;'. Only applicable if the "Use V1 Alpha API" parameter is selected.
- Added support for **Google SecOps Project Number** parameter to provide the Project Number of the Google SecOps. Only applicable if the "Use V1 Alpha API" parameter is selected. Note: User can retrieve the Project Number in the Profile section of the Google SecOps page. If Project Number is not provided, then Project ID\(from Service Account JSON\) will be used.
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/googleapi-python3:1.0.0.5476125*.

##### Google SecOps v1 Alpha

- Updated the **fetch-incidents** logic to handle a case where more than 10,000 IOCs present within one microsecond.
- Added support for **API URL Format** parameter to select the API URL format to use for API requests. Default value is '&lt;chronicle&gt;.&lt;REGION&gt;.&lt;rep.googleapis.com&gt;'.
- Added support for **Google SecOps Project Number** parameter to provide the Project Number of the Google SecOps. Note: User can retrieve the Project Number in the Profile section of the Google SecOps page. If Project Number is not provided, then Project ID\(from Service Account JSON\) will be used.
- Added support for *end_time* argument in the **gcb-list-iocs** command.
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/googleapi-python3:1.0.0.5476125*.
