#### Incident Fields

- New: **DLP Detections**

#### Integrations

##### Palo Alto Networks Enterprise DLP
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.10.12.63474*.

- Updated command descriptions to a more generic use case and not just upload violations.
- Updated the command ***pan-dlp-update-incident*** to include the feedback `EXCEPTION_DENIED`.

#### Layouts

##### Palo Alto Networks Enterprise DLP Incident Layout

Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0:
- Removed the *Incident Details* section.
- Added the *User Enrichment* section.
- Added additional fields to the *Case Details* section.
- Added the *Feedback and approvals* section.
- Added the *Detections* section.

#### Playbooks

##### New: DLP - Get Approval

- New: Get an approver response for an exemption request from a user.

##### New: DLP - Get User Feedback

- New: Get the user feedback on a blocked file, whether it is false or true positive and if an exemption is needed.

##### New: DLP - Get User Feedback via Email

- New: Get the user feedback via email on a blocked file, whether it is false or true positive and if an exemption is needed.

##### New: DLP - User Message App Check

- New: Check if the given message app exists and is configured and retrieve the user details from it.

##### New: DLP - Get Approval

New: Get an approver response for an exemption request from a user.

##### New: DLP - Get User Feedback

New: Get the user feedback on a blocked file, whether it is false or true positive and if an exemption is needed.

##### New: DLP - Get User Feedback via Email

New: Get the user feedback via email on a blocked file, whether it is false or true positive and if an exemption is needed.

##### New: DLP - User Message App Check

New: Check if the given message app exists and is configured and retrieve the user details from it.

##### New: DLP - Get Approval

New: Get an approver response for an exemption request from a user. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).
##### New: DLP - Get User Feedback via Email

New: Get the user feedback via email on a blocked file, whether it is false or true positive and if an exemption is needed. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).
##### New: DLP - Get User Feedback

New: Get the user feedback on a blocked file, whether it is false or true positive and if an exemption is needed. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).
##### DLP Incident Feedback Loop

Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0:
Updated the main playbook with the following changes:
  - 6 new playbook inputs:
    - ApprovalTarget
    - ActionOnApproverNotFound
    - SendMailInstance
    - UserMessageApp
    - ApproverMessageApp
    - DenyMessage
  - Added an approval process.
  - Added user details and file report in an Enrichment section.
  - Communications with the user and the manager had been configured separately.
  - Added an email communication channel.
##### New: DLP - User Message App Check

New: Check if the given message app exists and is configured and retrieve the user details from it. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).

#### Scripts

##### DlpAskFeedback
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.10.12.63474*.

- Updated descriptions to a more generic use case and not just upload violations.