Packs/iDefense/README.md, before:

This pack will be entering maintenance mode from **February 1st, 2022** and will reach end of life on **August 1st, 2022**
# **Accenture CTI** \*

This pack is integrated with our IntelGraph Intelligence Portal to provide threat intelligence. 
Moreover this pack has 2 sub-packs named:
- Accenture CTI
- ACTI Feed

*_formerly iDefense_
_____

<p>&nbsp;</p>

## **What does this pack do?**
- Provide actionable intelligence and relevant decision support to detect, analyze and mitigate threats before attacks impact the overall business
- Accenture CTI pack provides intelligence regarding security threats and vulnerabilities.
- Accenture CTI pack also provides _Intelligence Alert_ & _Intelligence Report_ enrichment (only if the indicator has associated IA/IR in IntelGraph portal & user has Document API access permissions).
- ACTI Feed fetches indicators which can filter returned indicators by indicator type, indicator severity, threat type, confidence, and malware family (each of these are an integration parameter).

Commit message:

Updated README for old pack iDefense to help users migrate to our new packs

Packs/iDefense/README.md, after:

This pack will be entering maintenance mode from **February 1st, 2022** and will reach end of life on **August 1st, 2022**
- Current **Accenture CTI** integration is now available as **ACTI Indicator Query** under **Accenture CTI v2** pack : https://xsoar.pan.dev/marketplace/details/AccentureCTI 
- Current **ACTI Feed** integration is now available as **ACTI Indicator Feed** under **Accenture CTI Feed** pack : https://xsoar.pan.dev/marketplace/details/AccentureCTI_Feed
# **Accenture CTI** \*

This pack is integrated with our IntelGraph Intelligence Portal to provide threat intelligence. 
Moreover this pack has 2 sub-packs named:
- Accenture CTI
- ACTI Feed

*_formerly iDefense_
_____

<p>&nbsp;</p>

## **What does this pack do?**
- Provide actionable intelligence and relevant decision support to detect, analyze and mitigate threats before attacks impact the overall business
- Accenture CTI pack provides intelligence regarding security threats and vulnerabilities.
- Accenture CTI pack also provides _Intelligence Alert_ & _Intelligence Report_ enrichment (only if the indicator has associated IA/IR in IntelGraph portal & user has Document API access permissions).
- ACTI Feed fetches indicators which can filter returned indicators by indicator type, indicator severity, threat type, confidence, and malware family (each of these are an integration parameter).
