
#### Incident Types

- New: **Reset User Password via Chatbot**


#### Playbooks

##### New: Reset User Password via Chatbot

- This playbook resets the password of an Active Directory or Okta user. The process is as follows:
1. A user requests a password reset using a chatbot on Slack or on Microsoft Teams.
2. The playbook optionally seeks approval to reset the user's password from the relevant stakeholder, or from the user's manager.
3. If the reset was approved, the playbook optionally verifies the user using 2-factor authentication, from the user's available 2FA methods on Okta.
4. If the reset is verified, a new password will be created while meeting the complexity requirements of the organization.
5. The user's password will be reset and set to the newly generated password. The user will be forced to change their password on next login.
6. The new user's password will be placed inside a password-protected ZIP (protected by a different password).
7. The encrypted ZIP file that contains the new password for the user will be sent to the user via email. 
8. The password for the ZIP file that contains the new user's password, will be sent to the requesting user through Slack or Teams.

This playbook is intended for use with Slack or Teams. In order to use it, please make sure that you have a classifier and mapper in place. The classifier should create a Reset User Password via Chatbot incident, while the mapper should map the email of the user to the Reporter Email Address field.
This playbook assumes that the user requesting the password reset has the same email in Slack / Teams, and in Active Directory / Okta.


#### Layouts

##### New: Password Reset via Chatbot

- Added a new layout for Password Reset via Chatbot incidents.

