
#### Dashboards
##### My Incidents
- Deprecated the Mentions widget.
##### Incidents Overview
- Improved implementation to add the widgets for Time to Assignment and Remediation SLA Timers.

#### Incident Types
- Improved implementation of **Case** to use the new Case Management Layout v2, and the default playbook has been set to Case Management Generic v2. 

#### Layouts
##### New: Case Management Layout v2
- Improved implementation of the Case Management Layout, which includes new tabs for Analyst Tools, and a Cheatsheet for working Incidents in Cortex XSOAR. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.2.0).

#### Playbooks
##### New: Case Management - Generic v2
- Added the **Case Management - Generic v2** playbook, this playbook will extract and enrich indicators upon trigger, calculate Severity, and set SLAs and Timers.

##### New: Case Management - Generic - Set SLAs based on Severity
- Added the **Case Management - Generic - Set SLAs based on Severity** playbook, sets the SLAs for Incidents, the Time to Assignment Timer, and the Remediation SLA Timer based on the Incident Severity.

#### Scripts
##### GenerateSummaryReportButton
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.10.5.31928*.
##### New: CaseMgmtAnalystTools
- Added the **CaseMgmtAnalystTools**, dynamic display script to display a list of useful Analyst Tools on an Incident layout. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.2.0).

##### New: CaseMgmtIncidentTypesDisplay
- Added the **CaseMgmtIncidentTypesDisplay**, field display script that restricts the Incident Types a user can create manually based on an XSOAR list, and prevents changing the Incident Type manually once it is created. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.2.0).

##### LinkIncidentsButton
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.10.5.31928*.
##### AssignToMeButton
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.10.5.31928*.
##### TimersOnOwnerChange
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.10.5.31928*.

#### Widgets
##### My Incidents by Type
- Improved implementation to the **My Incidents by Type** widget.

##### Mean Time to Remediation (Remediation SLA)
- Improved implementation to the **Mean Time to Remediation (Remediation SLA)** widget.

##### Mean Time to Assignment (Time to Assignment)
- Improved implementation to the **Mean Time to Assignment (Time to Assignment)** widget.

##### Participating Incidents
- Improved implementation to the **Participating Incidents** widget.

##### My Mean Time to Remediation (Remediation SLA)
- Improved implementation to the **My Mean Time to Remediation (Remediation SLA)** widget.

##### Participating Incidents Count
- Improved implementation to the **Participating Incidents Count** widget.

#### Layouts
##### Case layout
- Improved implementation to the **Case layout**.

#### Reports
##### Case Report
- Improved implementation to the **Case Report**.