
#### Scripts

##### CaseMgmtAnalystTools

- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.10.10.49934*.

##### New: CaseMgmtDisplayLabels

- Dynamic section that will display the Labels for an Incident in a markdown table.  

##### New: CaseMgmtResponseProcess

- Dynamic display script to display a response process on an Incident layout.   The response process display can change depending on the Incident Type.

##### New: CloseLinkedIncidentsPostProcessing

- Post Processing Script that will close linked Incidents when the Incident is closed.  Will set the same close code as the parent, and add closing notes from the parent. 

##### AddUserToIncidentTeam
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.10.10.49934*.


##### CaseMgmtIncidentTypesByRole
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.10.10.49934*.
- Added error checking in case roles don't exist in the config.


##### CaseMgmtIncidentTypesDisplay
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.10.10.49934*.


##### CompleteTaskOnTimerBreach
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.10.10.49934*.


##### TimersOnOwnerChange
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.10.10.49934*.



#### Dashboards

##### Incidents Overview

- Updated the Incidents in Error Status widget to only show open Incidents in error status.

#### Layouts

##### Case Management Layout v2

- Added dynamic sections for displaying Labels under the Investigation tab.
- Added dynamic section to display the Response Process under Analyst Tools.
- Modified the cheat sheet to be generic for XSOAR 6 and 8.


#### Playbooks

##### New: Case Management - Generic - Send On Call Notification

- This playbook can be used to send email notification if an Incidents severity is Critical or High.  
- Can be used as a sub-playbook to perform the same logic across different playbooks/use cases.

##### Case Management - Generic v2

- Added inputs for SendOnCallNotification and NotificationEmails to be used with the new Case Management - Generic - Send On Call Notification sub-playbook.
- Added the Case Management - Generic - Send On Call Notification sub-playbook with conditional to send email notification for Critical or High severity Incidents.

#### Mappers

##### New: Case Management - Generic Mapper

- This mapper will set the labels for all Incidents created using it for either the system default Incident type, or the Case Type.   Can be used to quickly ingest alerts from any source without any specific mapping as all raw data will be automatically added to the labels, and displayed using the dynamic section. 

#### Reports

##### Case Report

- No Changes.

