## Cado Security Integration Help

### Creating and Storing an API Access Key
Before diving into any of the integrations we have with the Cado Response platform - we first need to understand the correct way to authenticate and access the Cado API.

To be able to access the different resources of the API, any request must be provided with a valid API Key generated by our authentication server.

To generate that key you can do the following inside Cado Repsonse:
1. Go to **Settings** in the bottom left and click the **API** tab.
2. Under **Access Tokens** click the **Create New Key** button.
3. Take note of the **Public Key**, this is the identifer that we can use for revoking the key later on if needed.
4. Take note of the **Secret Key**, you'll need to save this somewhere private (like a password manager), as you won't be able to see it again after you close the dialog. This is the key we need to provide to the third-party integration providers.


**Tip: The API Secret Key will only be shown once, so it is recommended to save it to a secure place, like password manager.**

### Configuration Settings

#### Cado Response Instance
Often you'll see in the following tutorials that we are referring to "Cado Response Instance" - which is the IP or Domain of where the platform was deployed, for example:
```
https://ec2example.compute.amazonaws.com
```

#### Defaults
- Default Project ID: Unless you have a specific project for all XSOAR related activities, it's best to leave this as 1.
- Default S3 Bucket: Please provide the name of the bucket you want to use, otherwise make sure the default bucket `cado-default-bucket` exists.
- Default AWS Region: Unless you have a specific region, it's best to leave as the region you deployed your Cado Response instance in.
