
#### Integrations

##### Anomali ThreatStream v3

- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/py3-tools:1.0.0.51402*.
- Added support for the *all_results* argument in the ***threatstream-get-passive-dns*** command.
- Added support for the *page* and *page_size* arguments in the ***threatstream-get-model-list*** command.
- Added support for the *malware* and *attack pattern* options in *model* argument in the ***threatstream-get-model-list*** command.
- Added support for the *page* and *page_size* arguments in the ***threatstream-get-indicators-by-model*** command.
- Added support for the *malware* and *attack pattern* options in *model* argument ***threatstream-get-indicators-by-model*** command.
- Added support for the *page* and *page_size* arguments in the ***threatstream-get-indicators*** command.
- Added support for the *all_results* argument in the ***threatstream-supported-platforms*** command.
- Added support for the *tags* argument in the ***threatstream-import-indicator-with-approval*** command.
Added 18 commands:
    - ***threatstream-list-rule***
    - ***threatstream-create-rule***
    - ***threatstream-update-rule***
    - ***threatstream-delete-rule***
    - ***threatstream-list-user***
    - ***threatstream-list-investigation***
    - ***threatstream-create-investigation***
    - ***threatstream-update-investigation***
    - ***threatstream-delete-investigation***
    - ***threatstream-add-investigation-element***
    - ***threatstream-list-whitelist-entry***
    - ***threatstream-create-whitelist-entry***
    - ***threatstream-update-whitelist-entry-note***
    - ***threatstream-delete-whitelist-entry***
    - ***threatstream-list-import-job***
    - ***threatstream-approve-import-job***
    - ***threatstream-search-threat-model***
    - ***threatstream-add-threat-model-association***
