
#### Integrations

##### Rubrik Security Cloud

- Updated the command ***rubrik-gps-snapshot-files-download*** with the added support for the *Windows File Set*, *Linux File Set*, and *Volume Group* object types.
- Added the command ***rubrik-radar-suspicious-file-list***.
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/rubrik-polaris-sdk-py3:1.0.0.89429*.

#### Mappers

##### Rubrik Polaris Radar - Mapping

- Updated the mapping for the ***Rubrik Polaris Object ID*** incident field to have the value of the *Object ID* instead of the *CDM ID*.

#### Playbooks

##### Rubrik Anomaly Incident Response - Rubrik Polaris

- Updated the playbook to retrieve list of anomaly files from the Rubrik Security Cloud portal and to generate the downloadable links for them.

##### Rubrik User Access Analysis - Rubrik Polaris

- Updated the description of the playbook.

##### Rubrik Poll Async Result - Rubrik Polaris

- Added the support for the *cluster_ip_address* field.

##### Rubrik Retrieve User Access Information - Rubrik Polaris

- Updated the description of the playbook.

##### New: Rubrik Retrieve Anomaly Result - Rubrik Security Cloud

- New: This playbook retrieves the list of anomaly files for the provided snapshot ID (or activity series ID) and generates the downloadable links for the file path(s). (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.5.0).

##### Rubrik Object Context Analysis - Rubrik Polaris

- Updated the description of the playbook.

##### Rubrik File Context Analysis - Rubrik Polaris

- Updated the description of the playbook.
