
#### Integrations

##### Rubrik Security Cloud

- Added 3 commands:
  - ***rubrik-sonar-user-access-list***
  - ***rubrik-sonar-user-access-get***
  - ***rubrik-sonar-file-context-list***
- Updated the integration display name to: ***Rubrik Security Cloud***.
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/rubrik-polaris-sdk-py3:1.0.0.86433*.

#### Playbooks

##### New: Rubrik File Context Analysis - Rubrik Polaris

- New: This playbook fetches file context information for the provided file/folder/fileshare name and the object ID to get the policy hits. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.5.0).

##### New: Rubrik User Access Analysis - Rubrik Polaris

- New: This playbook fetches user access information for the provided username or email to increase the incident severity if the fetched user has a high risk. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.5.0).

##### Rubrik Anomaly Incident Response - Rubrik Polaris

- Updated the playbook to retrieve the user and file related information from the Rubrik Security Cloud portal. 

##### New: Rubrik Object Context Analysis - Rubrik Polaris

- New: This playbook will investigate an object from the Rubrik Anomaly incident to get the Network or IT information based on the object type. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.5.0).

##### New: Rubrik Retrieve User Access Information - Rubrik Polaris

- New: This playbook retrieves user access information for the provided username or email with the pagination related information. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.5.0).

#### Scripts

##### New: RubrikSonarSetIncidentSeverityUsingUserRiskLevel

- New: Script used to set the incident severity using the risk level(s) provided from the argument. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.5.0).
