
#### Incident Fields

##### New: Rubrik Polaris Activity Type

- New: Added a new incident field- Rubrik Polaris Activity Type.
<~XSIAM> (Available from Cortex XSIAM %%XSIAM_VERSION%%).</~XSIAM>
<~XSOAR> (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.0.0).</~XSOAR>

#### Integrations

##### Rubrik Security Cloud

- Added support for **Event types to fetch as incidents** parameter.
- Added support for **rubrik-radar-anomaly-status-update** command that updates the status of the anomaly detection.
- Updated the **rubrik-radar-suspicious-file-list** command to support new **anomaly type** and **resolution status** fields in the context and human readable.
- Updated the **fetch-incidents** to ingest events with severity hardcoded to **Critical**.
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/rubrik-polaris-sdk-py3:1.0.0.2072916*.

#### Layouts

##### Rubrik Polaris Radar

- Updated the layout to display the new incident field **Rubrik Polaris Activity Type** and closing information of the incident.

#### Mappers

##### Rubrik Polaris Radar - Mapping

- Updated the mapper for the new incident field **Rubrik Polaris Activity Type**.

#### Playbooks

##### Rubrik Retrieve Anomaly Result - Rubrik Security Cloud

- Updated the playbook to close the incident based on the resolution status of the anomaly.

##### Rubrik Workload Analysis - Rubrik Security Cloud

- Updated the documentation related to hostname.

##### New: Rubrik Update Anomaly Status- Rubrik Security Cloud

This playbook updates status of the Anomaly Detection snapshot for the provided anomaly ID (or activity series ID) and workload ID (or Object ID).<~XSIAM> (Available from Cortex XSIAM %%XSIAM_VERSION%%).</~XSIAM>
<~XSOAR> (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.5.0).</~XSOAR>

#### Scripts

##### RubrikSetIncidentSeverityUsingWorkLoadRiskLevel

- Updated the RubrikSetIncidentSeverityUsingWorkLoadRiskLevel script to fix flake8 errors.
