
#### Incident Fields

##### New: Rubrik Suspicious File List

- New: Added a new incident field - Rubrik Suspicious File List to represent the list of suspicious files.

##### New: Rubrik Suspicious File Count

- New: Added a new incident field - Rubrik Suspicious File Count to represent the count of suspicious files.

#### Integrations

##### Rubrik Security Cloud

- Added support for **Event severities to fetch as incidents** parameter that allows to select event severities to fetch as incidents. If not provided, it will fetch events for critical severity level. Applies only when RSC fetch type is set to "Event".
- Added support for **rubrik-anomaly-csv-analysis-v2** command to request for the analysis and directly download the anomaly CSV analyzed file.

#### Layouts

##### Rubrik Polaris Radar

- Updated the Rubrik Polaris Radar layout for the added **Rubrik Suspicious File Count** and **Rubrik Suspicious File List** incident fields.

#### Playbooks

##### Rubrik Retrieve Anomaly Result - Rubrik Security Cloud

- Updated the Rubrik Retrieve Anomaly Result - Rubrik Security Cloud playbook to use the new command **rubrik-anomaly-csv-analysis-v2** for download the anomaly CSV analyzed file.

#### Scripts

##### New: RubrikSuspiciousFileCount

- New: Added a new script - RubrikSuspiciousFileCount that shows the Rubrik Suspicious File Count.

##### RubrikSetIncidentSeverityUsingWorkLoadRiskLevel

- Updated the RubrikSetIncidentSeverityUsingWorkLoadRiskLevel script for code enhancement.
